windows have been cleaned years you can see scum them .
waitresses are slow .
just mess avoid all costs !
bad !
now pizza beyond awful and wings are down there with its level .
walked out this place after _num_ min service .
the place was even busy this time .
never will back this place .
this place awful !
not the food but the service .
 more service from .
worst service ever experienced .
did even acknowledge .
 here you want any kind service .
horrible , horrible service they deserve any stars .
worst service ever .
 love the wings but they are worth the beyond terrible service .
 never going back .
then , the server tried charge for new ranch !
totally inappropriate for any family restaurant opinion .
maybe that why the inside the restaurant was dead .
the carrot and celery sticks are mushy and off color .
was not immediately impressed when walked .
place desperate need some renovation .
drink was served cheap plastic cup .
 ordered salad instead .
also way too much cheese .
gross .
 felt bad for the owners this arizona staple .
 never fails .
 not steal have and never have .
 like big brother hovering over shoulder .
for that reason likely stay away from this establishment .
bad customer service .
they make feel uncomfortable shop for wigs .
they are not compassionate understanding condition .
 wanted give you zero stars but would let .
that ridiculous !
the worst experience have ever had enterprise location .
very disappointed .
fortunately , there was ross store down the street .
 pissed because good customer service would have been .
 leave and walk the mall .
first off , this place beyond crowded !
also , most the machines are taken all the time .
 cancelled membership after week .
horrible gym and service !
 went guest fee charged .
 was helpful first but than treated were stupid .
 started asking questions and was being very rude .
this when things started get ugly .
man , was rude .
 stated things like could afford `` quality gyms '' .
the equipment outdated .
the restrooms did work , toilet paper everywhere .
 always feels crowded .
make him put his weights away !
 have been awhile because these reasons .
disgusting .
locker rooms disgusting , smelly .
horrible .
 went once and refused back .
 travel _num_ miles further the peoria location which much nicer .
this location the other hand dirty , unfriendly , and unprofessional .
 the steam rooms door has been cracked for over three months now .
 pretty sure you walk out there sick !
the worst !
 could rate zero would .
this gym always dirty , and equipment either broken outdated .
avoid this location .
equipment was disgusting .
 washed hands and there were paper towels .
 was the same not worse .
the only thing different that they refilled the paper towel dispenser .
that pretty ridiculous .
 did bother shower there .
never again will there .
 have say the worst smelling fitness the valley .
this gym way over for upgrade .
past _num_ days they have opened late .
customers have time lie about damn membership .
but , hair food ruined the experience .
owners speak little english .
would accept coupon from verizon .
overall , would not return .
yelp failed this one .
 problem right stuff happens .
not racist but are they trying hire any whites any time soon ?
this place was ridiculous .
_num_ .
_num_ .
_num_ .
_num_ .
_num_ .
_num_ .
 touching going ahead people laughter dancing .
_num_ .
_num_ .
_num_ .
_num_ .
this was after paid them fix pool .
why they charge much use credit cards ?
 back baskin and robbins !
phoenix ... .
will never play here again after playing here today .
they had apparently called the clubhouse complain about our pace .
the round took _num_ hours !
the greens are too hard and hold approach shots .
bunkers are annoying and inconsistent .
 just not enjoyable place play .
better values and better pace elsewhere .
mainly liquor store with gas pumps , some which are shut down .
 pay pump .
 will searching for another vet and not coming back this location .
the entire visit lasted two and half hours .
the receptionist threw serious shade .
 , basically , they left waiting for that .
she just thorough .
she just was good with people .
 one should have wait _num_ hours complete vet exam .
 took _num_ minutes just drive there one way .
she walked out and left there for half hour .
there was lot staff there , and customers .
 one should wait for what had wait for .
there are way better places than here please look else where .
they charged for unnecessary supplies for very poor quality service .
two thumbs down .
will not come back ... this place has windows ?
decoration outdated .
food did like .
 ordered the teriyaki chicken and was little bland .
 did eat much .
overall typical chinese american restaurant .
poor service .
extremely long wait time .
avoid this location all cost !
_num_ hour wait just for them bullshit !
the medical doctor was unable help with prescription needed .
avoid this place .
 , just the regular oil change , thanks .
 paid the $ _num_ and have never been back .
these people are complete idiots .
 would avoid this place their diagnostic skills are pathetic .
called early this morning 8am schedule appointment for oil change .
 was little rude and off putting .
 hardly doubt they reached their limit tuesday but who knows .
very sad .
gross .
nothing all .
the whole drink area was mess was the dining area .
just terrible location .
 was any better .
the guy front was ordering spanish .
asked for fried rice and honey sesame chicken .
then she asks what entree .
ugh .
 boyfriend got orange chicken and teriyaki chicken could share everything .
then get the register .
she rings and hands one cup .
sat down eat .
the honey sesame chicken was cold .
the orange chicken was barely warm .
this last trip may have been the breaking point .
even when they about and should trying get rid their food .
poor service .
when you pay for your order her proceeds walk away after your change .
does offer and soy sauce anything else .
very unimpressed and coming back again .
tip all the panda express managers .
will not coming back this location .
the manager was yelling the cashier while placed our order .
 little over hour wasted sitting waiting ... absolutely horrible customer service .
this has the worst pizza hut location have been .
 was told the wait time would _num_ minutes .
 ended waiting almost _num_ mins which was inconvenient .
its not hard take order .
the place general was not clean .
poor customer service , poor quality pizza .
the worst customer service ever !
they gotten order wrong every time !
customer service _num_ : never argue with customer !
how rude !
 have already called like _num_ times .
 not order from here they are the worst !
 keep trying give this place chance .
 not spend your hard earned money this location .
the upside down blizzard was water down .
 gave them call and never answered .
left them voicemail and never returned call .
disappointed !
first , the cashier clearly did want there .
she did greet politely acknowledge that was there .
she did apologize for the error .
 anything , she seemed annoyed that she had correct the order .
next , the total was $ _num_ also ordered blizzard ) .
she was too confused answer question .
some basic math and people skills would make the customer experience lot better !
 would give this _num_ stars possible .
 husband and went and went through the drive through .
 was horrible .
there was hardly any ice cream all mine .
 would recommend this stupid place all !
bad service .
 recommend going there .
this place awful .
terrible .
promised glasses would ready for pickup within _num_ _num_ business days .
stay away from this unprofessional establishment .
disgusting !
needless say all stopped eating and felt sick our stomachs .
 get basic orders correct .
asked for sausage egg cheese biscuit with bacon instead sausage .
two other customers had incorrect orders the same time too .
absolutely ridiculous would not recommend this location all !
this the third time row will not returning !
finally they said ready _num_ mins .
 husband has had problems with this location too .
 had transferred another location and got meds _num_ mins .
 love kfc , but this location horrible .
the chicken was dry and way overcooked .
they really need get some workers there that know how cook .
 gave _num_ star for the side dishes .
 back .
fuck this place and their lack white chicken and corn .
the least they could was substitute tenders place breast .
only reason gave them _num_ star because had .
they lost sale and customer for being cheap .
 not here for food .
 might actually worse than little caesar peter piper .
 even hang out the parking lot .
 eat the pizza hang out .
really , that not too much change , right ?
any chain restaurant , for that matter , has better pizza .
save your money and get $ _num_ hot ' ready !
 ordered large pepperoni for $ _num_ .
 wife and thought the sauce tasted more like ketchup than pizza sauce .
sometimes have repeat , this store particular .
 apology nothing !
 ran out this place and will never ever come back !
very messy and unorganized ... not too many clothes shoes choose from .
horrible service .
arrived early appointment scheduled 3pm .
spent _num_ minutes passed that finally attended too .
after slow service this morning decided look this business yelp .
 could give lower would .
 waited for _num_ minutes open replace battery .
 too was similar .
that too bad cause this the closest sears house .
this just not good way run business .
how else can one explain the _num_ and _num_ stars for this place ?
the hot sour soup was okay .
 partner thought too sour .
the `` sour the name make sound pretty .
 looks like someone already eaten ! ''
but what was acceptable was the salt level the food .
 god heaven !
 had very little sauce and very little cheese .
completely flavorless opinion .
the crust was plain and there was lot .
 ordering pizza from here again .
 had much better elsewhere .
this was awful pizza .
ordered large supreme and had next meat veggies .
they were out mushrooms expected more veggies .
the crust frozen pizza was better than the crust this one .
but , all _num_ wings were bad .
the past _num_ years they have really gone down hill .
the dough for the pizza has lost taste and texture .
anyhow think there are probably better places eat the area .
the bathrooms were very clean and the booth were was comfortable .
 not get tamales with baja sauce mush .
mango margarita was pretty bad .
 spoke with manager , erica martin about our happy hour drinks .
she was beyond rude , even started talking down about the staff .
she would drag the words high pitch voice .
 was bad .
the food lacking quality and cost not that great .
this restaurant does not know how make them .
they were quite disgusting .
extremely dense and hard eat .
not very tasty , not authentic sopapillas .
needless say spent too much money for not very satisfying meal .
 waste your money here you are looking for meal .
 assure you have problem paying way .
this woman has business being the hospitality industry .
not her , and this location going pay for her mistake .
 noticed reply rating .
slow service , mediocre mexican food .
 will never set foot inside another macayo again .
goodbye macayo , you will missed .
another _num_ minutes goes and have water and service .
took _num_ minutes get our drinks and the order was wrong .
still server this point .
sure enough , another _num_ minutes .
 are late for our concert this point and beyond frustrated .
finally the food comes , and course , the order wrong .
 have never had such terrible service , especially from management well .
the food was disgusting .
 back .
 problem with the actual care the facility .
( this was done week previous this . )
they are consistently rude and unprofessional .
ultimately felt like being factory .
all the _num_ star reviews are very odd .
service was fast but poor .
more importantly , the food sucked .
the fried rice was terrible .
not really fried rice , just seasoned rice .
 got like pound and had about three bites egg .
the beef was overcooked and chewy .
they get _num_ stars for the huge portions .
food was `` meh '' , maybe just ordered the wrong thing .
 not fan .
the orange chicken was not good .
the chicken egg foo young was .
the food was bad , but did lack flavor .
 have say find the meat super sketchy .
service - sketchy appetizers are served before the entree not after .
not much the egg was noticeable either dish .
meaning mexican style fajita cooking .
 did you just quit caring ?
shame you !
that just bizarre best .
 city with million bars waste your cash here .
 saw them put _num_ small containers front and said .
they are cheap .
hate the service .
this place was freezing cold inside !
the sweet and sour pork , taste like chicken nuggets !
the egg roll , over cooked , greasy , stale and horrible !
wait lets not talk about !
 far the worst dining experience ever had entire life .
whatever you can imagine being bad .
however not paying for any those things .
 been looking for year .
_num_ for mani gel they did charge for removal .
she did file nails nor even clean them out .
this place did not and was unable finish $ _num_ cocktail .
Negative
 would give this place negative score possible .
needless say have been back since .
 was hot but noticed immediately pizza aroma !
 guess you mind doing that worth $ _num_ .
the star for and seasoning additions !
haha could give another star for convenience but parking bad !
their salsas are not spicy flavorful .
they add much the meal .
there are only like _num_ chairs inside .
customer service good .
 standards are met .
the worst experience have ever had office !
this doctor was horrible .
 would give zero stars possible .
 second visit just got worse .
she had compassion during time loss .
she then did not follow the comment with reason !
are you freaking kidding ?
but should have gone real salon .
she handed the mirror and said `` what you think ? ''
 that .
but can try texture . ''
she became defensive .
maybe she was confused what meant ?
sorry but extremely pissed them and will never back !
only wish could have given them _num_ stars .
 totally regret ordering from them .
the pizza came more quickly than had anticipated !
not going bother having another sent out because hungry .
 dough was mushy , crust was soft and had crisp .
very very disappointing .
but didnt think meant getting _num_ % cooked pizza .
wish could get tip back .
?
this place horrible even finish lunch .
this kung pao chicken garbage .
the meat dark , fatty , and does even taste like chicken .
 was sadly disappointed .
probably the least appetizing chinese food had life .
ingredients were low quality with taste .
however not satisfied with this place .
 disappointed , most likely returning .
not mention , they messed dad order .
this oil change express station with two servicing stations .
this place the worst place have ever been too .
 leave not even block away everything comes back once again .
not recommended just walmart somewhere else .
can never get things fixed .
george probably the only trustworthy employee this whole entire complex .
the rest are worthless , unreliable , and extremely rude and unprofessional !
this place worse than prison !
 called help one employees get apartment today .
 was extremely rude , and hung !
can never get things fixed .
george probably the only trustworthy employee this whole entire complex .
the rest are worthless , unreliable , and extremely rude and unprofessional !
 not move here !
the most awful place move !
the only good thing about this place that its cheap .
that not problem !
 opened the door the room smelled .
 asked for _num_ queen beds and got _num_ double beds .
 did really care where was going stay .
 , this place was perfect just sleep and .
the elevator button was missing for bit the third floor .
the room simple with small electric stove , sink , and microwave .
 did have tub , just shower with seat .
for some reason room had some strawberry jelly all over the place .
someone did clean the place thoroughly .
yelp review story , and life .
disgusting rooms ... noisy ... smelly ... loaded with homeless people ... horrible experience .
 soon you walk the room stinks .
there iron the rooms .
worst hotel stayed ever .
our _num_ month old had bed bugs her .
 left 6am cutting our _num_ night start one .
cons : the first room they put stunk cat urine !
 they obliged and gave another room ( pro ? )
 was rated two star hotwire but that was real stretch !
this place does deserve one start nevertheless the _num_ star rating hotwire .
the next room was not under construction but clearly needed repairs .
this place deserves big fat zero rating .
they deserve star .
that was bad sign # _num_ .
bad sign # _num_ .
the door would not open .
bad sign # _num_ .
# _num_ missing light bulbs the light fixtures # _num_ .
unfortunately had option then stay there .
honestly the worst service ever !
 could rate _num_ stars would .
 just looked like the bed had been made and that .
the second room was better , but still nothing spectacular .
 glad got this for such cheap price through hotwire .
 would not have payed more otherwise .
 was worth .
first impression : the place really really dirty .
 did want drink out glass .
nothing write home about , but write yelp .
the service was friendly and the food was very expensive .
but was all that good either .
total rip-off !
the only answer got was prices are different after certain hours .
needless say will not returning !
not the best mexican resturant been , but cheap !
went through drive thru , ordered two _num_ piece chicken strips .
drove away , got freeway headed out town .
 had get off freeway and return them .
 soon she saw she knew why was there .
she did agree adding order fries free charge .
not cool .
the young girl working rude .
poor poor customer service .
 one behind not line .
 rude !
 this race she just hates taking orders ?
 patience all !
worst ever .
terrible .
 will not returning this location .
where come from they skate , not here .
this would have been the second time the tried double charge .
 showed approved and then showed printing receipt .
 proceeded hand order and then asked for the money .
half the time they get order right .
this place does even deserve the one star giving them .
 waited for _num_ minutes and ended leaving with food .
_num_ minutes after ordering : grills broken hotdogs .
_num_ for the homeless .
 walked and the place was dirty and not well lit .
 walk and wait bit line big deal .
 offered replace the _num_ piece white with _num_ dark meat choices .
which less than paid for the way .
the guy said sorry for the wait but did mean .
 sure hell didnt .
 get back home and the order was wrong .
all the sides were wrong .
skip skip skip .
while the food itself seems taste okay .
 has not been the same several occasions .
she tries upsell the meal say .
girl yelling the background `` that what she ordered ! ''
 gave money back .
 was disgusting .
you can keep your rotten tomatoes and sour salsa , jerks .
 their clientele vast that they can afford treat people like crap ?
 done trying new nail places .
oops was using caps !
they lost touch and know how deal with the living !
terrible experience .
big mistake .
this made little uncomfortable .
this does not make any sense .
finally were pressured donate our relatives body medical research .
they said the van was there but could find .
 added unfortunate stress already stressful day .
this not something the family should have deal with !
 uncle died very suddenly and unexpectedly .
this the worst funeral home ever !
the customer service horrible .
denise did remember ever speaking with .
 frustrating .
horrible customer service !
they were unprofessional , rude and extremely difficult deal with .
instead , they made everything much hard and more painful .
 could give _num_ stars would .
the customer service horrible !
avoid coming this ghetto target !
worst customer service any target .
lady was really rude .
worse service ever .
which made just lose appetite all together !
our server was really really rude .
had attitude and got orders wrong .
the server nikki was awful , the food was mediocre best .
had terrible meal here from start finish .
these must have been frozen some point , they were watery and tasteless .
even brother did want finish them .
the dressing was thin and tasteless , very little blue cheese flavor .
 husband and were dining here for valentines day last year .
 was the most rudest most disrespectful thing could have done .
_num_ % tip from your bill more then enough you ask .
normally person will tip _num_ % - _num_ their bill .
very sub par place .
everything was very salty .
 wonder the place was empty .
service was alright but the food was terrible .
not only the service terrible , the management terrible .
 just had the worst experience ever .
 was that bad .
good food but poor cleanliness apparently .
needless say left and will not back .
this place was like ghost town and one could even acknowledge .
 husband and came here because were missing the seafood back home .
 could even eat part meal .
she brought drink , minus the straw .
said she back with , never returned with one .
Neutral
 could give this negative star would .
 can deal with poor customer service , but finding glass biscuit ?
unacceptable !
luckily was wearing leather pants just dried himself off .
 not eat here .
horrible service .
its not worth what they charge .
shame you texas roadhouse .
 back for quite awhile .
cold potato , the cheese would even melt .
husband ordered the ribeye and too was cooked well done .
when the last time you were here '' blah blah blah .
 the time our food got the table , our drinks were empty .
the waitress then offered refill our bread basket .
 was disappointed with the steak fries they were mushy .
 entree , only the salad was great !
 son smothered steak was bomb !
 wish gone the big apple instead .
not sure ?
but quite obnoxious you are not into that type thing .
the noise level was quite ridiculous .
 tolerable maybe once but not four times .
after _num_ these was going little insane .
 salad was meh and fianc ribs were little dry .
 had never been texas roadhouse quite like this one .
 using the restroom one the workers com clean .
that not that worst part .
 pissed !
that tells you are not paying attention what you are doing .
 also notice that floor was really and there was wet floor sign .
 walk away and the host and ask for manager .
the manager said well talk her .
the fried outer layer was overcooked , over salted and smooth .
 fell short the layered , fried chicken crust this dish should have .
 even think bother going back there .
the beer still cold and good .
 was pretty awful .
 were disappointed the chicken fried sirloin terrible .
 the stuff nightmares .
horrible system with seating .
the menu has nothing healthy .
 did order much .
 one take spoon blue cheese dressing with was .
 was thick burger smothered with salty onions , mushrooms & cheese .
all all will not coming back .
 back and have bad service again and spend more $ ?
 was disgusting !
 not sure what the big deal about this place .
 should have gotten and walked out someplace else .
 did like his service all .
 was disappointed .
 spent $ _num_ and they want pay for dips .
 had stay outside the hot sun _num_ .
other pizza places always put dips and napkins when you buy pizza from them .
 imagine that they did give napkins dips .
 not going back there next time .
the wings was that good .
 will not recommend anyone this location any their franchise period .
 and husband went here last saturday for early dinner .
gravy and side corn were salty ruined the meal .
thanks _num_ star for that .
there are tvs , not loud .
was bit too fat ? ''
none that .
_num_ star there .
for steakhouse , some darker brews compliment the meat .
( point here : texas roadhouse does have them ) .
try guinness porter , really .
very dangerous area infested with scorpions .
phones calls most the times ignored , they never returned call .
 only had know would never moved .
the office never answers their phone and does return any messages .
sure would like know why ?
the buildings are semi quiet complain about that .
unfortunately for the price rent here the apartments are really dated .
old appliances , like really old !
really old washers and dryers that seem run super loudly .
there reasonable room park least just not enough them .
 bother renting here .
worst place live .
 wait move out .
this the worst place ever .
this girl staff fucking rude .
 son had horrible experience with the staff this complex .
dogs were wandering all over the complex without their owners .
went upstairs bring the mattress down .
 took maybe _num_ minutes .
very rude girls working here !
employees are rude here .
the chicken was dry and had flavor .
 would not recommend this place anyone .
total wait after that contact was _num_ minutes .
chicken was hot and yummy .
 that point had and left with food .
wish could give them zero stars .
 stop , keep going !
wrong !
also missing , fork , napkins , condiments and the traditional fortune cookie .
 drink order .
total , almost $ _num_ !
too bad !
disgusting !
the sight the food was just completely unappealing .
 food ready but asked could pay now .
still beat $ _num_ foot long .
customer service area sucks .
 waited _num_ minutes while multiple workers walked before someone would help .
 also pressed the button _num_ times get someone .
what different oil choices have ?
 just did care about being there .
horrible store !
you should your best avoid this wal-mart .
 really did care .
they did bother .
they had some hard working employees also but avoid this one you can .
 very loud , unclean and humans there buy everything .
terrible service !
the exam was decent , but after that went downhill !
when telling cashier acted like did hear .
 paper towels anywhere gas fill area .
worst ever been .
this place rip off .
that was going cost $ _num_ .
 takes many appointments , and takes longer then _num_ minutes !
 have never had regular cleaning only take _num_ minutes .
but the dentist was rude .
home depot usually pretty good .
the customer service usually awful and the cashier lines are rarely ever open .
avoid this location you can .
victor the paint department never called back like said .
the point having _num_ hour location for convenience .
 absolutely disgusted with this store .
worst customer service ever !
she says lead something that sort .
the exam was decent , but after that was all downhill !
 recently went wal-mart establishment phoenix store # _num_ .
trash !
 have nothing nice say .
 could give _num_ stars would .
the fiesta potatoes are never cooked all the way through .
 `` here you ! ''
well , taco bell taco bell .
the service here sucks .
 you you get any .
 you ask after they give you your bag they get all mad .
 like you asked them walk _num_ miles get some .
 not trust these people with your card !
 never understood party favors .
you not going find any that useful shit party city .
 they ; why are you asking ?
over priced and disorganized !
long story short , _num_ returned our meals they were nasty .
asked speak with manger too not arrive .
horrible service !
went tonight , for date night .
spent money crappy food and horrible service !
also , the noodles were halfway over cooked .
brooklyn boys ' alfredo blows this place out the water !
horrible !
this second trip this place and both wee bad experiences .
this place consistently bad .
first impression when walk into the place the smell dirty carpets .
gross !
the food opinion commercial .
 really get why people come here often .
 guess everyone used their mcdonalds and microwave dinners .
 ordered the cheese ravioli with tomato sauce .
other than the food which was lacking was the service .
 really miss this place nor will ever crave anything here .
 took _num_ minutes for table open .
there were extremely loud children there ambience .
they ran out pumpkin cheesecake .
could use less sugar but whatever works .
now remember why like olive garden .
 course not !
 think that totally awesome .
 was inedible .
 disappointing .
 endless pasta bowl was disgusting know better term .
horrible service .
then waited another _num_ for cappuccino that was cold when ordered hot .
not mention that not even busy !
 had choose _num_ star otherwise could post this review !
this location deserves zero stars !
olive garden olive garden .
people have bad days .
businesses have bad days .
 month apart and now concerned about having another experience .
who does want savor every minute their lunch hour ?
 not talking about running few minutes late either .
 show few minutes late and still wait additional minutes .
 said before , one pass .
 still had wait longer than our scheduled pick time .
then someone suggested leaving yelp review here .
 want spend additional minutes lunch hour waiting .
 generally like olive garden but this location the worst .
here , this dish bland , tasteless and has little seasonings .
 pasta was dry that was almost sticking together .
 was just very unpleasant meal .
not big fan .
 would not recommend this friends family .
this place horrible .
rude hostess and bad customer service .
their service terrible !
took _num_ mins just get our drinks .
she did even realize that already had our food .
and another _num_ mins just get our check .
water glasses , dirty .
 just disappointed .
that seems incredibly unacceptable .
the waiter would disappear and hardly checked .
when seated the table was not clean .
overall would never visit that location again and would advise you either .
 start off wish could give them zero stars .
unfortunately have give them one .
managers name allen wear .
 does not know how operate the business .
terrible service .
bad service .
 usually big fan olive garden .
 disappointed say avoiding this one for now .
the service was poor and the atmosphere did feel clean .
even the manager spoke was par .
the dish was very bland .
but she said unfortunately they had more sauce ?
probably the worst olive garden have been .
the food was cold and did not meet expectations .
Negative
 wish could give this place negative stars .
 ordered fried lasagna which was burned .
 called _num_ different reps answered .
service and food are disgusting .
our main course came out before the soup !
and did even get chocolates with the check !
the worse service ever !
 not here and waste your money !
very disappointed never going back this ghetto restaurant horrible !
the problem the management & the maintenance staff not fix anything .
also the manager racist & they not accept section _num_ anymore .
shame .
poor customer service .
 know smh .
entirely way too long .
 have been loyal big customer for many years .
based last experience think will bring car back.
 did have give you dime .
they also left greasy hand print light grey interior .
they suck , after years going there done .
our wait for food was _num_ minutes joke .
when the food finally arrived was anything spectacular .
this was last visit any outback .
the service was very very very very very slow , and wrong order .
 took about _num_ min get the foods the table .
diner beware will down under quickly .
 bother remember this place .
 would write review franchise unless pissed off .
they find house .
 not hard find swear .
without complaining had received coupon for free large pizza .
 built pie online and set carryout option with cash payment .
 sent boyfriend within ten mins pick our dinner .
 was extremely disappointed with our experience .
the third order our garlic knots were burnt and hard .
they keep messing orders .
 got everything but the lower bun .
 only about _num_ bucks .
disgusting .
 ordered crispy chicken classic with fries and headed back work .
she said nothing .
several others walked behind also with complaints orders .
 went wendy across the street and had food _num_ minutes .
she then blamed !
only reason gave star was yelp forced too
* the office manager anna insanely rude .
every encounter have had with her ... she always rude angry .
zero customers , food took forever .
cold fries .
filthy restrooms with paper towels .
 napkins main lobby .
incredibly rude .
they get order wrong .
 not kidding exaggerating .
unfortunately the closest one our house .
 not eat here .
informed the driver thru person and obviously did care .
service was below average but not terrible .
the sandwiches were not good all .
the chicken was sliced , grilled , and tasted like was microwaved .
all all were really disappointed and will not return .
 only giving one star because give zero .
nasty people .
 customer service all .
 walked and one greeted .
 went prepare our food without washing his hands .
unfortunately unable say the same about experience here today .
none the _num_ employees the kitchen acknowledged .
there were _num_ .
neither them acknowledged .
none the six them acknowledged .
she did even bother come over way .
she would have ignored completely had not called for her attention .
avoid coming here you have .
rude .
 not surprised this subway only has _num_ star !
the staff rude , unpleasant and just bad experience .
everytime come this particular subway remember why avoid this one .
right now , _num_ '' cold cut meatball subs are _num_ .
they throw everything very sloppy .
very rude staff .
 usually avoid this particular one .
they did not bother saying anything until asked they were closed .
 not sure the food was old food poisoning .
 !
also the golf carts were very loud .
this far the worst nail salon have been too .
bad bad bad service !
first off the customer service was terrible .
 told the lady that was hurting and she did stop .
when she took the acrylics off she left nails completely broken .
 was like there way !
 would recommend not going this place ever !
 not even gon into prices anything .
-- with said gross !
 return and threw away the pizza .
 sat down and waited .
after _num_ minutes pizza was out but only the pizza and wings .
 clearly ordered the special when walked .
the pizza and the wings were all that good either .
the pizza dough was good and the wings were big and fresh .
the other constant how rude everyone .
 and the wife went here _num_ weeks ago .
while the pizza was decent , the wings were awesome .
unfortunately not .
not advertised special , just normal item .
which theory little high .
but lack integrity looking somewhere else this evening .
 way .
 way .
did offer hot and sour soup lunch , only egg drop .
 took one bite and could eat anymore .
chicken was best described canned chicken .
waitress asked would like box and politely declined .
... not friendly !
there were like _num_ _num_ other tables the whole place .
 did care for the food , thought was bland .
 husband thought the soup was good and the egg roll was crispy .
 lost appetite .
not even worth try .
food tasted old , got sick .
take out dinner for four cost $ _num_ ... $ _num_ !
 very dissapointed .
 have been here _num_ times .
 will not come back .
the service terrible .
 would suggest they hire someone with more experience working with customers .
 fat enough .
the pepper beef found completely bizarre : the meat was almost smooth .
 had craving for egg rolls might .
nothing bad ; but nothing exciting either .
but risk the car running out gas come here .
been here for years but they can never get right .
ask for fried rice with your meal they give you chicken fried rice .
its all thrown hurry .
let specific why like this place .
some the doctors are referring the business whole .
they are never apologetic for this the way .
not really heard you talking about your relationship .
 was under year old ) .
 could breath .
there care sub-par .
 did believe them like stated above .
however have two main complaints that result such low rating .
the enchiladas were the real disappointment .
the cheese was barely melted and the sauce tasted store bought .
 love mexican food and was craving rolled tacos with guacamole and chicken chimichanga .
 was very unsatisfied with the food .
there was taste the food all .
the guacamole tasted watery and bland .
very disappointed the quality the food .
great customer service but food was bland .
wth , potatoes hash browns & eggs are what makes breakfast burrito .
this ridiculous !
went sam club last sunday with mom .
granted was busy .
 tell him `` sir standing right here line . ''
the greeter when you walk does smile .
member services slow !
 need cancel membership and ask for money back .
horrible experience with the bakery !
 could would give _num_ stars .
they need teach their employees some manners and how costumer service works !
they are busy only _num_ people working the food counter .
this place crap .
the experience was awful and they should have more caring people handling our requests .
 will not adopt from them any longer either .
the lady that did pedi did not even put top coat .
the young girl that did the mani cut nails uneven !
 tacky the touch and uneven .
not mention the place was filthy !
that should have been first clue .
was told _num_ minute wait .
the pedicure most lasted _num_ mins .
this place does deserve any stars their customer service horrible !
 spend money where welcome .
ordered the family pack which included _num_ wings , fries and garlic bread .
when checked order the fries were cold .
she immediately got attitude and told they was not cold .
very disappointment , customer service very poor and food was not good .
will never visit this location again !
unfortunately last experience friday was horrible !
the customer service none the girls and the cook are rude .
they messed order and then did want fix correctly .
was not impressed .
 ordered chicken strips for daughter .
the lemonade tasted like dirt .
the place was filthy and the woman behind the counter was incredibly rude .
 could give zero stars would .
 not use this company .
unorganized and lack integrity .
another _num_ minutes called back she then told _num_ minutes .
 got there about _num_ minutes .
 could rate them _num_ would .
last checked _num_ minutes was _num_ hour and _num_ minutes .
 not use this company all seriously call someone else .
 was awkward and frustrating .
 could wait till was gone .
plus was very helpful with putting car the driveway .
 the tow driver would helped would tipped .
please beware they are looking for buck your expense !
the front end did begin drag and told him .
why still surprised when companies are unethical and dishonest ?
 tow assistance set progressive 10am .
plain and simple .
this company complete fraud .
 requested tow coach works tuesday after hours .
the woman owner even give her name .
 know how they got such good reviews .
the beans were too runny well .
 was stoked find place near , with good reviews .
guess have keep driving tempe for taco tuesday .
 tastes bland .
and the exterior just bad .
 see what other people see this place .
disappointing meal .
now just plain bad food .
come people , the the usa and thats coming from hispanic !
while was eating coach roach ran across table !
 immediately stopped eating and threw the trash and left disgusted .
just did work out for .
 stopped the drive thru sunday morning pick two breakfast burritos .
she ended with mild first degree burn her stomach .
the burrito was big but only fair tasting .
after this experience not sure want return .
yesterday lunch break was craving carne fries .
 ordered them with guacamole , add extra cheese .
 was charged for the cheese too because the total was $ _num_ something .
the carne was flavorless and the fries were cold and mushy .
the cashier understand you and the order was messed .
nothing special .
the chips are unremarkable .
the food just did taste fresh .
the drive thru supper dirty and the ppl there are rude !
meat sitting around room temperature plain view .
 you ... well prepared for your order wrong .
 was disgusting .
lousy service .
this place sucks bad , they used good .
horrible !
disgusting .
not regular roach huge sewer roach .
making sick just thinking about .
order was wrong .
 didnt even get utensils .
 got done what needed get done .
 was terrible , but was pleasant .
worse than the super _num_ chandler .
 specially asked for non smoking room but our room smells smoke .
 recommend .
this place for the cheap and dirty sort .
never again shall use this spot .
bad bed very poor sleep .
always busy dirty and smells like cigarette buds .
 you like that kinda white trash thing ahead .
the place dirty and disgusting .
you get good sleep due being worried about your vehicle .
only one star because have .
completely inappropriate !
_num_ and place sleep .
 waste your money .
crappy customer service .
 service !
turns out the hours posted are not their hours service .
 was idea come .
why are the fast food chains always busy ?
why are they taking over all the airports , stations , and rest stops ?
terrible customer service , staff arguing with each other .
slow slow slow !
_num_ minutes get _num_ cheese burgers and small fry .
this location horrible .
 baby crying hungry this just dumb ... .
 will not coming back this one .
horrible service and dirty facility .
they always mess order and give the wrong food .
poor customer service .
horrible service , very difficult deal with .
 was really disgusting contacted manager .
apparently was not the only one with the roach issue .
never again after that have ate there .
save yourself the $ _num_ .
$ _num_ charge .
shady area , even security guard walking the grounds .
 stay motel _num_ lot , but this the worst .
 air dried from shower instead .
 know want know .
nothing was ever mentioned about smoking rooms .
 went back through the website with another reservation verify ... yup .
wtf took the room and headed 3rd floor hell .
burns the blankets and little dead bugs top bed !
could check the second room since our key did work .
zero stars !
was the area and thought would stop for burger .
 was good .
also not good .
 probably back for another _num_ .
 gave friend money purchase food for lunch .
 had her order the steak and shrimp with veggie bowl for .
when she returns work realize they gave chicken and shrimp .
 call them and they apologize and tell they will refund .
 drive back there and wait line return food .
unfortunately will not eating here again ... .
 will never come this restaurant again .
when entered the store did not smell one sense food .
the noodles were disgusting .
everything was horrible .
 not use this company !
absolute worst experience .
 had only been used few times still looked brand new .
another purse had been put into the dust cover its place .
wrong !
but why would did suspect them .
consumer beware because the great customer service was promised non-existent .
 not use this company !
 was horrible experience .
_num_ .
_num_ .
_num_ .
three large furniture pieces were damaged .
 not use this company !
had had any other choices would have taken them .
had idea was spring training and alot places were booked .
there was gentleman smoking outside creepy looking and went into the lobby .
never again will here .
got the room and had horrible odor .
almost like smokey smell mixed with bad .
also the shower had hot water and water pressure .
plus gum the arm the chair ( gross and chips .
not chips .
worst stay life wish could get money back .
the blankets were paper thin .
the comforter looked _num_ years old and had holes !
 feel like sleeping park bench would have satisfied more !
the stink when opened the door room was really awful .
this was the most disgusting place stayed long time .
the hotel staff could have cared about anyone one .
please stay here .
 did work either .
worst room have ever stayed entire life .
the lobby stinks .
flat out stinks smells bad .
the tiles the steps were cracked and missing chunks .
bad stink .
abandoned motel next door with its windows busted out .
did feel too safe for walk .
fridge does work .
 elevator .
this was the worst one ever been !
the service sucked starting from the second walked the door .
 one greeted even acknowledged !
they just out some top .
 addition being wrong , the food was absolutely disgusting .
 had the biscuit egg , bacon , and cheese sandwich and the waffle .
the sandwich was greasy and tasted like chemicals .
the egg was overcooked .
 would recommend this place anyone .
just flat out rude .
 back this waffle house again .
 hubby and frequent this waffle house , usually late night .
but yesterday was disaster .
when received our order was missing country gravy both our hashbrowns .
 cheese for hashbrowns was melted all .
when she dropped off our food she gave the check well .
 did see her after she dropped off our food .
horrible customer service today !
 was very busy .
our waitress , andrea , was nice , though quite rushed .
sadly took another five mins for our food arrive , incorrectly .
waffles were looking good .
she returned couple mins later with sad fixes , but sorta fixes .
they were naturally cold asked for something little fresher .
our move was nightmare was the start .
 .
first , the driver was super late pick our stuff .
 disappointed feel cheated .
needless say would recommend this company anyone ever !
 wish would have gone with them !
 would refer anyone use this company .
 writing this still stuck the drive thru .
been here for about _num_ waiting & still have gotten food .
only taking cash the moment which sucks !
this place pretty much sucked .
 would trust danny anything truck .
 had nothing but bad experiences with then .
tried complaining corporate office and they turned back the manager .
now this place sucks .
worst truck wash ever get .
idiots !
you get what you pay for ... stayed here visit family goodyear .
not long shot !
 could deal with the really basic room .
for the price did expect much .
that said , the carpets were disgusting .
they argued with and gave lame $ _num_ credit !
gross !
there were handful flies waiting greet our room .
 had spend the day cleaning and getting rid bed bugs !
unfortunately eating some taco bell would better choice .
which also place would not want ever back .
 could give them zero would .
after had just patiently stood there waiting for her for over _num_ minutes .
waited _num_ minutes for breakfast this morning .
 apology .
the wait was reasonable , especially for brunch sunday .
nothing report there .
she said , `` they really busy the back . ''
having wait long time for just drink .
Negative
 was possible would give negative star .
motorcycle !
come now that ridiculous .
like money was brought lot .
this place horrible location .
avoid this location all cost .
would leave _num_ stars could .
needs new transmission , they say get .
spoke person their office and was told sorry !
_num_ stars .
buyer beware , you buy .
very bad business !
man this place used great .
but they getting any further business from .
 eat this place .
 just spent _num_ days throwing , diarrhea .
 never felt pain like that before .
doctor said that had food poisoning from poorly maintained meat .
 eat here .
grease with side food poisoning .
 tried complain and the chick acted like she did speak english .
she spoke english when she took money .
horrible service .
these guys are rude and unprofessional .
 too much ask for courtesy call ?
 fall for this .
they give you short wait time , but did deliver .
 could tell who worked there and who did .
this was during wine tasting event .
they need table cloths , spotless glasses , uniforms , and managing .
also checked out the restroom .
pathetic .
this seems trend among courses that like .
there were one playing one .
 , and friends will avoid that course for now .
stay away from here will !
the course even worse condition from when the pictures were taken .
 green grass all .
the greens were barely being watered .
what shame !
 would embarrassed call this golf course .
just terrible !
there were many customer dogs the store , and nobody was petting them !
 general , this petsmart just was not fun place .
this location does even come close being awesome .
 believe that just paid $ _num_ for her groom .
horrible service .
went get dogs nails trimmed and bath .
 only since the way home from work .
the selection just .
 was there yesterday , and the line was nine customers deep .
 did not even bother requesting price check .
any other store , one could request price check .
terrible customer service couldnt even tell how much was gift card .
let alone the store manager was snotty and rude !
will not back ever and filed complaint !
refuse treated poorly .
this particular petsmart exception .
 drove _num_ minutes across town adopt kitten .
 waste your money here .
 got sucked .
well that load horse !
the cheese bread was yummy well !
 not get sucked into the hype that dumb commercial .
hey have been getting complaints that our pizza sucks .
 changed and guess what pizza still sucks !
tasted like they put tons salt .
the cheesy bread was cheesy , crappy , and salty all rolled into one .
gross gross gross !
Positive
 would give this place negative stars could .
frankly know better than order wings from national chain store .
but domino least par with pizza hut and papa johns .
 this dinner time ?
 not here .
 asked she could void the transaction and again got .
she just told pick something else .
 did but still not satisfied .
 would never take jewelry here again .
the owner was very rude !
 then asked how long would take was quoted _num_ hours .
very rudely asked should fix before everyone else .
 asked why was being rude .
 not wise assume everyone knows the way your business run .
rude !
however will never business there again .
rude .
rude .
rude .
 not trust these people , and also rude .
 harkins goes this theater hit miss .
the seating sucks .
the movie detail sucks .
the popcorn sucks .
the management sucks .
 they leave you with terrible experience every , single , time .
like said did homework .
 also noticed these prices were pretty stiff .
 sum very bad experience .
the place was dirty with screaming children running around out control .
its guess .
but reminds off chinese food prepared for mexican clientele .
the food was disgusting and gross .
food was bad left without eating .
 you like these fake chinese buffets , then ignore this review .
 was awful .
 agree with jason , the service here sucks !
this was not pleasant experience .
very disappointing food and waste time .
 could give this place stars would .
luckily had cash paid her for exactly what had ordered .
there was employee drinking beer while was working .
this place was disaster .
horrible !
serves bad and slow .
food cold , tasteless and soggy .
saw the show and came see _num_ stars , forget .
 silverware .
 waited _num_ minutes were not even offered any water anything .
not good experience maybe bad night for them ?
nightmares hungry people and food ... .
the decor was lot nicer than was expecting too .
horrible customer service and very rude front desk lady .
poor ambience and operations .
food but service something that lacking .
she also canadian / bosnian .
 hole the wall the middle crack haven .
the cheese pita might the same _num_ , close .
really not impressed all .
mediocre quality best .
too much bread ( $ ) for not enough meat ( meat ) .
the wheat bread was not very good , and too thick .
overall was not impressed and regret going .
the sandwich was dressed with not tasty dressing .
but the bright side they have hot peppers option .
 was corned beef roll .
 asked them put rye instead because that would taste better .
the people working seemed very confused making sandwich .
they toasted bread and popped the corned beef the microwave .
 tried side cole slaw and seemed very processed .
 husband purchased some their house made hot sausage .
any two different items _num_ .
the very nice lady behind the counter said sure problem .
this was our cue leave .
this makes sandwhich wrapping mess !
needless say were shocked .
 was told because the neighborhood bad .
the neighborhood bad and reflects their attitude toward their customers .
not worth .
the attitude just gets worse you shopping and checking out .
 female personally offended this place .
stop for beer sat .
they are charging _num_ bottle .
 stopping there again .
some favorite bars have been considered dive bars .
should have wasted our time .
walked and hello from the bartender .
 are locals .
she welcomed and said hello soon walked .
stopped for local , fire grilled burger .
what disappointment .
 sure was quick , but , come !
this was not good .
maybe was bad day , but .
first off were treated rudely over the drive thru order radio .
all could taste was extremely burnt onions and insanely soggy bun .
 least this _num_ minute wait wont end badly .
 paid _num_ for _num_ combo with beyond small shake .
 have went this location over hundred times high school .
however , now adult the experience was not the same .
( which the soda was flat ) .
 was blatantly ignored and when asked again .
 literally could believe what had happened .
 never going this one again .
that cool .
not satisfied all .
 want old lenny back .
 still want old hole the wall lenny back .
location not really nice .
 was there just long had ordered the store .
bad business decision opinion .
their comics are also poor condition .
they take care their comics .
first off , their lay out all over the place .
that say , service was totally non-existent .
 gone with mother buy appliances here .
 spent almost _num_ min laughing just _num_ jacket .
there are mirrors !
 could find mirror save life !
the restrooms were disaster !
just gross .
there are _num_ sinks but only _num_ mirror there too .
anyway saw _num_ shirt that was semi cute .
pretty sad , really .
not much .
 took them two days come out and fix fridge .
then they did not have the part and rescheduled for the next week !
 was easy shop because there not many people the aisles .
 left purchases there along with another customer .
then had leave and try and get refund processed .
 help but understand why sears such financial trouble .
 problem take business somewhere else .
 even supply their shoppers with shopping carts .
save your money and buy warranty !
 was told that would have wait over week for repair .
the repair was made and the fridge stopped working the same night .
 never got call and repair was never made .
this means for over month will have refrigerator .
the staff extremely rude and unorganized !
 have never been disappointed !
the restroom had toilet paper hand soap .
 top off the food was prepared with gloves .
the store very busy from 8am about 10pm night .
pumps and bathrooms are always dirty .
this one trashy !
bathrooms were disgusting .
had reviewed would have given solid _num_ .
now want give zero .
 know what happened but the mongolian bbq longer exists .
 sad .
called delivery order from this location and was late .
 ordered pizza hut the next time wanted pizza .
_num_ hours after ordered they want know where take the pizza .
papa johns pizza nasty .
 the worst pizza ever had .
absolute worst banking experience have ever had .
this place seriously needs more tellers .
the waiting time just ridiculous .
one time came friday and only one teller was working .
 really hate coming here .
got ripped off big time .
 wait get rid sprint because this !
 you make sure you not get brian !
 was very unimpressed with this store .
 was very unhelpful and rude .
 said only use apple .
the store manager told the sales guy give apple .
 got one $ _num_ credit but did continue .
that was _num_ weeks ago .
 little more professionalism and significantly more customer appreciation needed this company .
and the staff the cafe not the most friendly bunch .
`` cafe '' could not slower they tried .
very limited selection everything .
they need serious remodeling and clean this mess .
 refills drinks were offered while were there .
the selection was similar sweet tomatoes , but lower quality .
stay far away from this place possible .
big huge mistake .
 not sure what was worse ... the food the employees .
both looked grossed hell .
this place was filthy ... everywhere , and the food was nasty looking .
 even imagine what the kitchen looks like .
will never , ever visit this establishment again !
the potatoes were cold and was the macaroni and cheese .
had been this place _num_ years .
 have better tacos home using fry brand taco seasoning .
the stations were messy and they were short staffed .
the service was nice but not worth coming back .
 was totally disappointed with this place .
the waitress just left the mess she made for clean .
 was _num_ degrees today .
 now the point where disgusting .
 not back .
the ice cream ( yogurt ) machine more .
 wanted like really did .
 was very disappointed .
the rest the food items were just gross .
there trash and food all over .
not great selection , but cheaper than sweet tomato .
still , gross !
that should have been washed properly , someone could get sick .
just went back this weekend .
not good 1st few times .
the place was crowded monday morning ( labor day ) .
when you passing through town , get thee the grocery .
 family _num_ will not returning .
she was yelling loud that the entire restaurant went quiet .
which mom was sitting who uses walker and has trouble moving .
again super loud voice were told .
myself and family will not returning the place .
surprisingly did wait too long until our party _num_ was seated .
service was bit slow and not that friendly .
our waitress seemed rushed and never even came back refill waters .
 had better from other greasy spoon diners and brunch places california .
 was little disappointed with the quality and portion .
another incident that should have happened was the bakery .
well kidding !
the lady who takes your order rude .
the sides were terrible .
the mac cheese was almost gone .
 mashed potatoes .
 was left with seafood salad and coleslaw .
there was chicken the inside .
 would have been better off kfc .
this place run down for safeway .
the deli and prepared food area smells bad .
had the worst experience the deli section .
she started yelling and giving bad attitude .
 had tell one the managers but they did care .
 add that , they are super slow !
 thought walmart cashiers were bad , these take the cake !
had the worst experience with safeway this week .
 got there and they only had one _num_ pack .
 know , though , just opinion .
 , his arrival did help the problem .
and left , never return .
 did ring the cashier called someone .
they live their name .
not smart and maybe not final .
 did care that daughter had gotten sick .
his customers service skills are poor best .
afterwards went about various errands for the day .
 did take long figure out what was .
according aaa , the wrong size filter was installed .
 just would worthwhile .
but now there way ever back .
 was immediately done with this place .
this place has horrible customer service .
terrible experience recommend anybody .
otherwise would get zero stars from .
the bad : where begin ?
the place worn and old looking inside and out .
parking horrible !
trying get and out constant challenge .
 could and but sure you get the point .
now this place just serious dive with little redeeming qualities .
whose need suck get drink around here ?
the tired bartenders are over worked and under staffed .
they lose lot points because bad service .
both times the bartender was too busy take dinner order .
 this place .
terrible service .
only had one bartender and server .
they really need waitress run the floor .
bomb wings but slow service .
cheap drink specials .
the staff completely horrible and unprofessional .
 was ate wings but taste weird .
 could give _num_ stars would .
will not returning .
 was disappointed see the prior yelp page removed - why ?
not anymore .
 that little bit unethical ?
buying here was the mistake the year .
 was like our couch was made from three leftover pieces they had .
every time drive the store reminded the horrible experience .
 makes never want buy furniture again .
the communication with this store was awful !
getting bed delivered was pain .
 had _num_ minutes make the new location before they closed .
 way could make across town friday night .
horrible customer service .
mattress _num_ months old .
horrible wont ever back .
 took parents and unfortunately were very disappointed .
she was not fan the hummus she had the greek salad .
how can you mess greek salad ?
serve with limp iceberg and bland dressing , that how .
 walked and they told they closed .
the customer service was very lousy today .
 would recommend this place anyone .
there was sign anything say could park there .
 said sorry did see any signs .
what horrible experience !
however , just the other night found mold pizza .
customer service sucks .
will not eating little caesars ever again .
service here sucked .
 can excuse the mess because know how inconsiderate customers can .
other than that know who else could appreciate this place .
 conclusion , this store , just .
merchandise really outdated .
this the inventory that one wanted .
 sales help , very depressing .
 plan finding quality product low prices .
 would give this place zero stars could .
employees were overly rude , inconsiderate and unprofessional .
they tried telling drove _num_ miles !
really disappointed with the service this location .
when arrived pick they did have .
they were rude and unapologetic .
 basically their guarantee that there guarantee .
 polite the phone , then hang and talk crap about them .
would recommend this dentist anyone .
the equipment they had was really outdated and painful .
why schedule appointments you ready serve your patients ?
not like they doing the work for free !
office max has officially lost business .
they have ink .
they carry series number ( _num_ ) only _num_ .
 did have wait very long before our meal was delivered .
 was empty bar .
walk menu and salsa bar for lunch only .
 was little disappointed this point .
 was horrible tasting food , just bland for what prefer .
going with coworkers for quick bite eat ordered the nachos .
 pushed ignore .
but there came point that could ignore more .
things were not right .
the food not cooked all the way , and , none wears gloves .
 hate give them just _num_ star .
 was terrible .
 seriously feel gross right now after eating there tonight .
they are rude and dirty .
this warning there !
but have get this off chest .
sammy normal barber but messed hair horribly yesterday .
 gave him the same instructions how cut hair like always .
 will never back metro barber shop and not give anymore referrals .
you really wrong with fried shrimp .
_num_ star for that and another for the yummy biscuits .
not cuz the hair but because the mediocre food .
disappointing .
bland .
 flavor .
and its not the first time that service was bad there .
 , all done with red lobster for good long while now .
host was friendly , waiter jeremy was super nice and manager was all smiles .
 was pretty odd for almost empty restaurant .
 used love the mussels appetizer , but this visit they were awful .
the coconut shrimp was .
 went red lobster today with family the service was horrible .
 appetizer was cold , half the bowl muscles were closed .
 was our first time red lobster , and probably our last .
for app got the stuffed mushrooms with shrimp and lobster .
but , the shrimp linguini totally blew .
absolutely terrible service from our waitress .
waited _num_ minutes just for bread .
will not coming back .
the hostess was very unfriendly .
they would remove from our bill nor offer any discounts .
extremely disappointed .
this place sucks !
 really expected much more but was completely disappointed .
with the first bite knew was not what expected .
the meat was like lunch meat instead real sliced deli beef .
could hardly find the mozzarella either .
only good thing was the toasted bun .
 not stop here you are wanting fast service .
bad bad bad !
 not stay here .
shame give this place lower review .
the management was rude .
the toilet the room did stop running .
 staying here ever again .
there plug for the the drain .
 asked could get one from empty room .
the bathroom was disgusting .
the only thing worse than the room was the staff .
 understand how they still business .
 ever ever ever stay this hotel .
worst hotel experience ever .
 say again ever ever ever ever stay this hotel !
 was disappointed that our pizza did have that this time .
just got peter piper pizza for the 1st time awhile .
 know what happened but the crust not the same .
too bad .
the cheese different , the crust different .
why why why ?
the wings are sorry .
 this recipe change not good one .
the manager , steve , was very rude .
 totally agree but the way said was very arrogant .
when received our order wings , they were cold .
 was total ass .
and the cashier was complete bitch .
her attitude was disgusting .
 wings came out _num_ mins before pizza was done .
making wings get cold waited for the pizza get done .
lots issues with the games not working and not giving tickets out .
 food experience was just strange and terrible the same time .
the salad was heavy the onions , easy the anything else .
 understand why they dressing either .
 the salad was fail .
for the soup went with the chicken & gnocchi .
 did taste horrible , just cheap only minor fail .
food arrives , everything normal , whatever .
 eat , not love , but eat ) .
 strongly suggest something ( anything ) else .
may recommend the apricot chicken mixed grill ?
there where _num_ waiters , still service was slow .
both waiters where rude and condescending .
horrible service !
walked and was told there was minute wait .
sat down and saw people getting seated that came after did .
she said , sorry you next .
night was ruined before got food .
 would normally give .
first bite was great , then wife commented that was bleeding .
 asked again for the manager and explained the situation .
 used love olive garden but its become blah .
 sat there for _num_ minutes before she even sat .
not thrilled with this place , probably come here again .
she was not even friendly !
heavy sauces , bland dishes and service .
also , someone said the regulars are joy hang out with ?
maybe just visiting the wrong time .
 not recommend this location plus , they hardly have anything .
the selection was better but probably because ghost town metro .
 this metro location .
this place was filthy !
 found _num_ corner , the rest was cleaned .
several trays were empty , and were not refilled .
)
 words for this experience .
never again this dump .
 disappointing .
the service was friendly but the food was not worth the money .
fried shrimp was over cooked .
when first walked was hit with that bathroom smell .
the food looked old , the lettuce wilted just looked gross .
the bread wasnt too bad .
yes , hoping someone would hear .
there are three left and believe this the worst them .
 gave getting him off our backs and walked out without ordering .
worst experience ever !
waiter dropped off food and never came back !
did care needed anything .
the chicken alfredo was nasty .
sauce tastes old and left over .
$ _num_ for two _num_ steaks _num_ salad bar .
absolute seasoning the nasty meat .
crappy buffet .
 the very best should have been under $ _num_ for all .
luckily one here cares that they serve you horrible food .
the food was awful .
the steak had absolutely taste .
there texas roadhouse around the corner .
unfortunately will never make the mistakes going this location again !
food was warm that was suppose cold and chicken wings were old .
overall bad experience for _num_ bucks !
big mistake .
nothing was working .
her potato was burnt and dry .
her entire meal was horrible .
unhappy and unsatisfied .
awful , food sits and old .
 asked for box for left over roll and shrimp .
the waiter said could take the shrimp home because was unlimited .
 the lazy manager you lost loyal customer over shrimp !
 for _num_ would skip this place !
 was very disappointed .
 could even bring myself finish one bowl .
 make matters worse , the place has all the atmosphere warehouse .
hardly any sauces , and totally ugly inside .
their pineapple was bad .
avoid this place .
 shame watch this place take the turn has .
 opted for the cod .
not fan .
but not sure about the frozen lunch meat you are offered .
 seemed gross and chewy .
_num_ .
_num_ .
upon entering , the atmosphere was just .
there was nothing special .
 simply did `` hit the spot speak .
 was _num_ dollar bowl for crying out loud .
 declined the box and left leftovers the restaurant .
honestly this one the worst food dining experiences have ever had .
all ate there was crunchy rice and soy sauce .
 would not recommend this place anyone ever .
there chance will ever back .
guess not thing .
even the ice cream for dessert lacks luster .
 toppings , just soft serve vanilla ice cream .
 honest the only thing that was good was the fountain drinks .
maybe mongolian grills are not thing .
there was one else there .
lame .
went tonight recognition and was horribly disappointed .
this does even come close .
the meats looked like frozen , rolled lunch meat .
 man did even finish his good and that never happens .
even the frozen yogurt did taste very good .
wow this place bad .
the cashier asked who going eat because there not sharing ?
also they not have gluten free soy sauce .
 would stay away from this restaurant .
not worth the money .
 will not back !
$ _num_ plus tax for two people , one bowl each !
worst mongolian bbq ever had .
this restaurant was very disappointing .
this place was far the worst .
_num_ .
_num_ .
very limited choices regards meat , vegetables , and sauces .
_num_ .
the broccoli tasted like was not washed .
_num_ .
this even longer story short , they changed oil .
 hate .
 have never not had wait+ minute wait line .
this the absolute worst walgreens ever been .
they have separate person working the drive through window .
 come here without expecting wait over _num_ mins .
this pharmacy awful .
 not trust the minute clinic website !
their pharmacy staff are very rude , slow and unprofessional .
walgreen dead .
pharmacy staff rude .
that too bad .
which pretty sad since for children .
the customer service there was awful .
the place did even anything for the birthday girl .
but , the food was terrible .
there were bad grapes mixed with good ones .
and the salad looked old .
chuck cheese our typical friday outing .
 she did get see him but almost force .
 eggs green olives ect and paid almost ten dollars !
 got off from _num_ hour shift pretty hungry .
got the salad was .
there was comes time when you make bad choices .
 gross today .
like they give crap .
 will not coming back .
 not exaggerating .
for something that was their fault got our prescription and left .
horrible service and ethics !
zero stars just the middle finger .
after _num_ minutes , the call was dropped .
why would she tell that from the beginning ?
wrong !
 have never felt damn uncomfortable life !
not joking _num_ freakin minutes was there and was gone .
horrible !
Very negative
 could give negative rating omg would .
 was totally bland and was overwhelmed with ricotta cheese .
the wings were just gross .
they were soggy , greasy , tasteless mess .
the wings sucked .
 spent _num_ bucks there .
this place horrible !
food good .
service good .
edit rick appreciate your desire for resolution .
under current management complete ripoff .
not impressed .
assuming that they had file didnt even ask .
failure one was not checking the address even bothering take one .
the food has never been much more than convenient .
 give them your business .
 could not believe .
 literally ruined night .
 disappointed !
tonight was terrible !
the owner return calls and the staff help .
worst delivery ever .
order _num_ simple things was told min which find .
the lady that answered was extremely rude and did care one dam bit .
really over hour behind and nothing .
got off the phone another _num_ min later the driver got our house .
 , along with couple friends visited this place last friday night .
anyway , the service lacked every way .
pizza was disgusting .
rude management , tasteless food , overpriced .
 waste your time money here .
yuck , yuck yuck .
 been wanting chicken fingers all day .
 also asked for hot sauce , guess what got instead ?
like wtf going with cherry sauce ?
 this place & will never recommend anyone .
$ _num_ wasted this place .
the coupon says only good tonight the game .
stand line and get the front but pizza .
manager says she needs for inventory .
long time streets customer who now done with them for long time .
 pizza was cold .
over cooked and disgusting .
get life , worse pizza town !
food was disgusting , raw chicken , cold and soggy .
 literally could eat our dinner .
 wonder the food was bad .
looked the bottom container barely any sauce .
 sad .
this the worst excuse for italian food ever .
honestly would only leave zero stars could .
 just had horrible experience with this location .
then hour goes food .
another _num_ minutes goes .
 apologies , nothing .
and food cold , soggy , not edible any means .
this was waste time .
worst food and customer service ever .
big mistake .
 guess that not the case .
now , the one advantage thought was present not .
 took _num_ old dog into her first teeth cleaning last week .
 poor pup , with teeth only _num_ yrs old .
 hate them for not giving the option calling first .
this corporate vet and everything bad that corporate vets .
 know how else put .
 course going use the vet visit .
 all about sale and scare tactics this vet .
which expected have been corporate vets before .
 should not have gone .
one the worst animal hospitals have ever been too !
 had waited any longer , they all would have been dead !
bye bye forever mean people !
horrible customer service .
 month later still had not received dryer back .
fed called the district manager .
 told him that not issue .
 pay bill monthly time .
after all the customer .
this store sucks .
 would recommend anyone .
after they hook you , they care .
from outside this place looks sketchy best .
the place looks gross , old and not clean all .
 decided may _num_ , _num_ .
what shame business you are running linda .
 will contacting groupon get refund .
 come back .
this the other hand was disaster from the beginning .
 not even kidding was falling off .
_num_ .
_num_ .
_num_ .
 buy the groupon .
_num_ .
_num_ .
_num_ .
make sure you have time burn mani/pedi took over two hours !
 called the salon before purchasing the groupon check their availability .
the customer service that experienced here was par with any other salon .
however , this school .
 such , the quality and consistency the services are not reliable .
 simply awful .
 was very disappointed with manicure .
 pedicure , however , turned out okay with minimal polish the skin .
 would not recommend this salon , nor will returning .
when entering was willing give the techs chance .
usually could use groupon right away but whatever '' .
 washed hands _num_ times that night .
this easily the worst motel _num_ have ever stayed .
 care only $ _num_ .
 not good here .
not good .
the manager was nice enough big deal .
 kept telling her but she continued insist she must come .
 course called management and they said they would security immediately .
 child baby here .
 was weird .
but one told !
the front desk never called check the situation had been resolved .
 stay here .
 just too weird .
 really know was water .
the water was barely flowing .
this was beyond unacceptable !
worst motel ever !
lots shady people out and about .
cops always seem here .
not family friendly place all .
 bed bugs room though !
but feel vehicle safe outside .
the carpet had least _num_ stains .
drug deals out the parking lot .
the maids left the trash the hallways all night .
trash every where .
 boyfriend and recently drove cross country .
 picked _num_ cities stop while driving .
this hotel was the worst hotel stayed .
the area seemed very sketchy .
 glad only stayed one night here .
 ever come phoenix visit will not staying here .
this hotel sucks .
 could give _num_ would .
thank god left _num_ _num_ the next morning .
bathroom looks like had never been cleaned , ever .
outside smells _num_ times better than room did .
maintenance replaced the phone .
the next morning found that the water temperature would stay steady .
could get out the there fast enough .
this hotel was the worst have ever stayed and felt very unsafe .
 reserved room with _num_ double beds smoking .
the front door was broken off the cabinet that held the fridge .
that was the only good thing about this place .
call the front desk and request one , this approx .
 told will have wait till _num_ .
 would rather dirty than stay one more min this place .
the worst place ever stayed .
second night the room was not cleaned and towels .
just uncomfortable .
 pillow case had burned hole .
the non-smoking room reeked , but that was even the start .
the sheets , comforter , and towels were stained .
ridiculous .
 stayed other super _num_ before and was like this .
 far one the worst shopping experiences ever had .
 ghetto and the service incredibly horrible .
 never going there again .
 highly recommend that you never here unless you want get frustrated .
half the lights work .
floor and ceiling look like they have been rode hard and hung wet .
online pick you better ready for long delays .
 wonder they are closing down everywhere .
waited _num_ minutes the service desk .
there were check-out lanes open .
never was waited while the service desk person took customers out order .
 may shop there again - not ( unless pig fly ) .
 yelp people - why there zero star rating ?
this place terrible !
_num_ hours later was ready .
nobody called .
how absurd !
got groupon deal that said would get synthetic blend oil change .
manager said could pay more get synthetic change .
made appointment get oil changed 8am june 2nd .
 asked them how long would take ryan told _num_ mins .
what was not fine with .
nor will anyone else know .
_num_ and half hours for quoted _num_ min oil change .
 would have been fine would have went else where .
very rude , will not come back .
but nothing show stopping .
 would here for meal ever again .
never again will back this restaurant .
 sad see how much this place has gone downhill .
the food here very good .
 has been for quite few years .
the service the last time went was just terrible .
 guess need spell that out more clearly next time .
