these donuts have the perfect texture and taste .
good food for the price .
 little dirty the inside , but wonderful people that work there !
 always order when there and always awesome .
the rest the food there good also and not very expensive .
great food , low prices , and huge quantity !
 excited have chinese place near office !
this spot for chinese food .
 also really enjoy the won ton soup and combo fried rice .
the pepper steak another good one .
everything always seems really fresh and the prices are reasonable !
 love the soup .
worth the price thats for sure .
will keep returning .
best place ever .
the orange chicken must .
the portion size amazing .
 visit phoenix quite bit and always have eat here .
good choice , and eat chinese food !
pretty fast service.
best place phx .
great food .
kung delight thumbs .
 had the most amazing dining experience here all because our server andy !
the food was great but andy made our night perfect !
nice atmosphere .
left really full .
otherwise great food !
this gem was recommend local the game .
the mongolian beef was amazing , orange chicken tasty and crunchy .
the best the desert has offer .
staff was very attentive and friendly , and the restaurant was extremely inviting .
little dragon family owned restaurant and they are always nice .
kind pricy but worth .
 pretty decent and the food great .
 definitely revisit !
 recommend their vegetable soup great !
great food , huge portions have been coming here for years .
 family and extended family love this place .
their food amazing and their ice tea the best .
always enjoy our experience little dragon .
foods delicious and very affordable .
one our family favorites .
good food .
hot .
 love the food always the same great taste .
 love the consistency .
 now bring family and sure the great food and memories with them .
 also ordered the hot tea .
great place !
very very good american chinese food .
came very quick , with friendly service .
blah blah blah ... words words words .
cheap and delicious !
great service too .
that great think .
great portions and food taste great .
great value and super good food .
will definitely come back .
food always good .
loved here !
love this place !
the customer service was just amazing .
they took our drink orders right away and got them out right away .
the place was clean and very big for bigger party .
the food great .
they make their own tortillas right front you .
they have good selection and prices are decent .
definitely worth checking out especially after drinking all night ... really hits the spot .
the take-out definitely worth !
everyone there nice .
 definitely one the best around the area !
 love their food , and always clean and busy .
 one has chow mien good may garden !
this restaurant staple the community .
the food delicious and the staff attentive our needs .
the cashier was very friendly .
the food absolutely delicious and you beat the price .
plus its all you can eat .
great place fresh food and staff always friendly .
!
the mein amazing are the cream puffs .
the orange chicken , sesame chicken and fried rice are very good well .
the staff always attentive certainly not friendly .
 love this place and will continue back .
the food basically the same , with some new items .
glad they stayed consistent .
the customer service still good well .
for the price , this place very good .
will coming back for sure !
excellent , inexpensive chinese food buffet .
 great value !
well done .
 small but food awesome for the price .
they have never changed any items over the years and always tastes amazing !
 has better food than these larger buffets .
this the best barber shop phoenix .
got good haircut , everything was nice and even .
friendly staff , and got and out .
 just love this place !
nice have change taste area stuffed with mexican restaurants .
 love tokyo express !
the food always fresh and well prepared .
 favorite fast food restaurant all time .
fast , healthy , consistent , quality !
 very healthy and tastes wonderful .
this awesome !
chicken special the best !
 gentle , takes his time , and makes you feel comfortable .
 was always reassuring while the chair .
 husband , and family continue him .
and love him and his staff .
thank you for always working with when was nervous wreck .
 amazing dentist .
 have recommended him many friends over the years .
 would highly recommend him !
 honest and practical .
the hygienists are also exceptional !
the mariscos here were hella good !
 had absolutely great ceviche and some bomb ass oysters !
very nice place eat !
friendly device , great food , and nice background music !
keep !
the place usually has live music and loud !
great food .
good beer selection .
this place has awesome sea food favorite are the breaded shrimp .
the portions are great you get lot food for your money .
this place delicious .
the food amazing and super tasty .
the staff really friendly .
they make solid michelada too .
food was very fresh .
 knows quality , and knows customer service .
this place keeper !
bill cute and sweet , kind and amazing artist .
 fixed them perfectly .
the service has improved tremendously .
great salad bar and good food !
 will say yay fan !
their restaurant this location was extremely clean .
the salad bar was full , rotated , hot , & delicious .
desert was good .
good eating !
this place awsome !
great food , clean great staff !
keep the great job guys !
thank you for the great meal !
 just wanted try something different and was very pleased .
the best pizza the phoenix area ... .
the pizza good !
the wings are really good too but always ask for them fresh .
 bring friends and family here they always love !
 first time and have say impressed !
the crust totally amazing and awesome mouth !
best pizza the valley !
their wings are very tasty well .
fast service , and great customer service !
the hot wings are outstanding .
their spicy bbq wing are also pretty darn good too .
the wings , first off really good !
the pizza was really good well .
all all great alternative the big guys .
very pleasant service .
delicious pizza .
 was very satisfied with everything this place has offer .
will definitely back .
 must try and new favorite .
the employees were very helpful and polite , and felt very welcome .
 fell love with the bagels !
and the coffee there good too .
 good knowing small businesses like these have good stuff .
highly recommend .
one favorite the powdered donuts with blueberry filling !
they have wide selection tasty treats .
 you are the area recommend you give them try .
after moving from california definitely needed great donut shop !
 finally found after being way church .
good selection doughnuts and always fresh .
fresh donuts , clean and fast .
the donuts are greasy and they have really good flavor .
rainbow donuts offers amazing these donuts various flavors and fillings .
these donuts have the perfect texture and taste .
best wings town .
awesome staff .
wings always made liking and very crispy .
always delicious .
best wings arizona .
love this place !
salad , zucchini , the ranch dressing , its all amazing .
best hot wings !
definitely _num_ % delicious .
absolutely the right place when you want have dinner with your family .
stick the wings and you okay .
each lady was busy , but they assisted right away .
the lady really did great job cleaning toes .
 yeah !
 definitely fan .
 usually find some really good deals .
the furniture unique and looks like one kind .
everything looked was pretty good condition .
worth checking before anywhere else !
phoenix hidden gem !
they get new inventory everyday definitely worth checking out .
the staff friendly and helpful and the deals are great .
 was great and really helped wife and thought difficult time .
highly recommended !
 the best could have asked for .
great first delivery !
 absolutely amazing !
 size friendly and truly cares about his patients .
this place little fat mexican girl dream come true !
possibly the best tortas the west valley .
this place clean and the food fresh .
this real mexican style food .
 your the neighborhood , definitely worth the stop .
very good mexican food !
fresh made bread for the tortas and refreshing fruit drinks !
not the best location , but great food .
love going here for lunch .
food always delicious .
service good .
excellent tortas served with homemade potato chips .
also enjoyed their homemade ice cream waffle cone .
 far one the best places get torta arizona .
def recommend trying out , the staff friendly and welcoming .
great atmosphere and team .
would definitely recommend for quick local flavorful bite eat .
there tortas are also tasty !
very nice staff and extremely clean location .
 torta was too big but but was very filling .
delicious !
definitely worth visit you the area !
 husband and love this place and have been coming for years .
every now and then they have pretty good soup too !
always clean and tables wiped down .
sparkling clean counters , and friendly greeting .
but the best part this visit were the tortas themselves .
love the beverage choices too !
 love love love this place !
the bread buttery and the meat good !
everything they put inside the sandwich just goes together well .
real food , great value .
great service , even better food .
get something stay for awhile , your mouth will thank you .
one favorite quick stops phoenix !
this place definitely one you should visit outstanding food and great melon water !
 love this place and will definitely make regular spot !
the staff here always very friendly and very very helpful !
they look great and were installed quickly !
nice !
 always had great experience here .
the staff very helpful and answers all questions without being condescending .
 have always found the staff very helpful .
returns are easy with without receipts .
staff always friendly .
would recommend anyone .
 dealership referred and wow were they right .
 received the best service ever fair price .
 took sierra pickup these guys and they did fantastic job .
these guys are great !
they awesome job affordable price .
the owners are really nice and family run .
the same day service convenient .
this great company work with .
 was impressed when saw how good job they did .
great product , and great family run business .
best the business .
they are prompt , efficient and excellent work .
 recommended many people them and everyone always happy .
great service and good people who care about the community .
 fully explained new family plan and how use iphone .
 gets the job done .
the foot locker there has really good service .
 always come for pedicures amy .
 was there yesterday for the first time .
mani and pedi were the best and most relaxing have ever experienced .
the staff always friendly and professional .
the service was also very friendly .
that was definitely nice touch .
always great place run and get the few items need .
everyone always friendly and their sells are pretty good !
 love this place !
nevertheless love coming this market !
the produce are fresh and the shelves are always full .
majority produce fresh loved the fresh okra .
beautiful selections .
 favorite safeway shop !
love love love .
 favorite grocery store far !
 never crowded and the workers are friendly !
the best wings phoenix .
 pretty much love all their food .
pretty decent and very good , fast service .
ate there with-worker and had fresh fries and everything was delicious !
you name they got .
nice selection .
lots options , decent prices .
has great selection what need .
the staff works hard make sure they great job .
thank you for your help !
they out their way assure that they are providing good service .
damn was freezing !
 was nice and warm .
thank you very much .
beautiful cut and incredible color !
love !
 took this photo after sleeping hair still gorgeous !
loved the results the end !
the manager and staff are really friendly .
 always say communication the best way get what you want !
 would definitely come back and would recommend family and friends !
place decent sized not too packed and always clean .
 looks great inside and the sales associate was very helpful .
new equipment has been remodeled .
this place joke , awesome food and service .
very reasonable prices and all the food has great flavor .
they make their own sausage but the meal was still very tasty .
great food & awesome service .
ordered our food.
great food and the service .
great diner food , great diner service , great diner prices .
great staff - funny old timer men sitting the bar .
the eggs and gyro plate awesome !
comes with all you can eat pancakes .
highly recommend !
 big breakfast person myself & the food definitely met expectations !
prices are reasonable but overall great service and food !
good down earth atmosphere .
waitress was very friendly .
price was fair .
good variety and food was good .
enjoyed the food !
pancakes covered strawberries was nice addition the meal !
Positive
positive experience all around !
basic good food for breakfast .
 love the atmosphere !
excellent place .
the staff was very friendly .
our first time there and returning !
soooooo much good food , great coffee , and all for decent price .
our waitress was very nice , personable , and checked often !
 will recommending every one know .
connie cool lady , she been there for years .
food was cooked perfect , thank you kitchen !
perfect cafe food !
good breakfast friendly service reasonable prices .
tasty coffee , love their pancakes .
 you want great breakfast comfy place .
 the perfect place for weekend breakfast .
friendly ladies working here too .
 always love this place .
looking for new breakfast spot and this !
the food was great and our server , connie was amazing !
great food and has diner atmosphere .
 have had the omlette and french toast and they are both great .
 will back again !
everything was good .
great service , good food- even without coupon back .
what great place for breakfast .
never had eggs cooked perfectly before .
service was quick , food was good and the prices are cheap .
they have the best egg cook ever seen .
eggs come out perfect over medium every time and look pretty .
love this place for breakfast .
there food fresh and the service great .
they kinda make you feel like family .
got home , opened the package and found actually got what ordered .
liked .
always fast and just good the first time !
the portions are good and the chicken always really good .
 enjoyed their pollo bowl !
the staff great !
music good old school and keep going back !
 rare treat receive quality service the fast-food industry .
thank you for making feel welcome , tina !
 never expect much from taco bell ... but wow these guys are awesome !
friendly and fast , this location fast food done right .
very highly recommended !
the gentleman working there was very polite and helpful !
establishment was very clean .
best place get ice-cream .
they also have great customer service .
 feel very welcomed every time .
definitely recommend this location .
for great service they deserve _num_ stars !
everyone the salon amazing !
very nice and very good what they !
mimi does amazing job every single time .
awesome team !
best idea ever .
 highly recommend this location !
definitely one the best tire shop and location .
 got what wanted for good price .
employees are great would definitely come back this location next time .
excellent customer service .
the staff this location are phenomenal .
these people were excellent .
the course conditions very nice especially with the new greens and tee boxes .
great challenge golf especially from the tips .
the new course great !
the employees this service station truly care about there customers .
they are always courteous and have real conversations with you .
the doctors and staffs are very professional , kind and thoughtful .
 really appreciate .
the staff was very professional and informative .
 very impressed with the level care here !
they seem sincerely care about cat .
 will continue take animals here .
 love the staff !
they really care !
wonderful place .
 glad found .
the staff great and knowledgeable .
 really appreciate them .
 received great care and was completely different dog that evening .
the front office staff has friendly and helpful attitude .
 love vca !
thank you for taking such great care baby girl !
the staff was all very friendly and helpful .
 will definitely bring kitty back for all his care here .
they absolutely have the best kung pao ever !
looks scary from the outside , but good !
the fried rice the best around , not greasy , just delicious !
 personally like the pork combo fried rice the best .
huge portion !
they have the best chinese food the valley , much better than .
hopefully they will open somewhere else , when their lease .
best egg drop have ever had .
really good food for the price .
staff always smiling and very courteous !
all the veggies were really fresh .
egg drop soup very salty but good and the egg roll was crispy .
 definitely back .
but the food great , the prices are decent too .
and this restaurant hits all those dishes with top marks .
but the rest family like the regular ones .
their crab puffs are delicious too .
give this place shot .
all their fried food good .
sweet and sour pork favorite .
their fried rice great .
they have the best lunch specials .
their food was just amazing .
 love with their food .
this place has been favorite for years !
this place has amazing food its sooo good !
this step above what was expecting .
the food consistent .
the staff extremely friendly and helpful .
great place for family dining .
the food was pretty good and the servings are huge !
each serving could easily feed two .
huge servings and amazing food .
brought son for care .
good location !
the assistant manager jose great well .
they put their customers before pricing which great know .
the guys midas have been good .
 would recommend this location all friends and family .
great customer service !
the best place for high-end work shoes - especially boots - and hiking shoes .
 especially fun when have people visiting from out town .
they know their stuff about the horses and the area and they authentic .
super fun horseback ride !
our tour guide cowboy was really nice and knew ton about everything .
very professional , great horses , great scenery was lovely .
amazing prices too !
went for hour , will definitely come back for more fun !
very enjoyable riding experience .
great tour guide , deny .
our group four had great ride with our guide , travis .
 hour was just right for our first ride .
tammy was great trip guide .
for first-time riding experience , this was great .
very nice !
great experience !
 saw the most beautiful country !
the horses were great .
 felt comfortable and safe the whole time .
 would totally recommend them everyone !
what great memory .
_num_ from !
beautiful place horseback riding .
everyone there was amazing and the horses were super friendly .
for sure will back .
had really good time riding this well run family owned establishment .
would definitely recommend , and will return the future .
the scenery was great , well worth the money .
everyone met there was very kind and quite funny .
they are very cautious about safety and paired with great horses .
 highly recommend them !
what great place !
 was first time riding horse and loved every moment .
warm welcoming people with great view !
definitely recommend .
also was nice that located next the ghost town .
great first experience .
fast friendly service and fresh food .
clean and friendly .
 say ever liked dentist until now .
 start , the place beautiful .
this the best dental office have ever been .
 highly recommend him .
wonderful experience .
nice guy and excellent customer service .
excellent quality .
still highly recommend .
 checked out the watch and then put new battery .
 perfect .
thank you yelp !
dennis offers the best diamonds , excellent design recommendations , and top workmanship .
very excited finally wear watch .
 was very reasonable with his price , friendly , and fast .
would recommend !
 did amazing work very reasonable price .
 will recommend this shop anybody looking have jewelry sized repaired .
the owner was great !
great store and nice customer service .
very nice man .
best service ever !
this guy awesome !
 had great conversation and few laughs .
his work great and does for little .
and remember dont give your little girl she will come around !
pros : they got really good selection .
 remember this being pretty nice gaming store .
this place has the best pizza dough and great customer service .
has the same video games , even !
the ice cream and sides are great too .
you had the best old school video games ever .
you are true mesa landmark !
got love pizza mart !
great place !
not only customer service great but the arcade games !
amazing !
delicious soft served ice cream .
great music playing the radio .
mostly younger crowd lunch time .
the place definitely divey , but was pretty spotless .
people working are nice well .
the pizza here was good .
 now take own family here .
 kids absolutely love the video games and ice cream cones .
 love this place !
 not gourmet but great eats unbeatable prices .
places like this are rare these days .
this place amazing !
the service friendly with smile .
the have good sports , great music and cheap beer !
kid friendly well .
 love this place .
one favorite places the valley .
 love this place .
love the pizza .
this time brought the family here .
this one family favorite establishments .
the pizza incredible and large less than $ _num_ .
 fun place with old arcade games and lots seating .
pizza mart pizza the best inexpensive pizza ever had .
 love their sauce , which fairly sweet with good tomato notes .
 absolutely love this place !
great family environment , and the staff always friendly and attentive .
the lady that does eyebrows does amazing job !
she takes her time and she very nice .
 feet feel much better after she done .
 love !
ken great !
 for the guys out there you should ken !
everyone friendly and accommodating and the services are great .
the girls who work the office are very sweet and helpful .
they also speak spanish !
 was very informative and also very personable .
awesome !
great. and staff .
 will refer the world them .
the office staff was very fast , kind , and attentive .
 very pleased with his level care and treatment .
 the best the valley !
 was professional and nice and felt completely comfortable with his adjustment .
 the best !
you see the hands down difference this man can make your life .
 always knows the secrets .
thanks for everything !
highly recommend him !
best whole the wall chinese food the west valley !
take out great and would recommend getting take out there .
amazing sauce !
please try you have good !
the hot and sour soup was amazing .
great family owned restaurant and great food decent prices .
the fried rice was great .
the crab puffs were also nice and big .
 favorite for family !
the pizza amazing .
 love the crust and their wings are great too !
the cashier was very friendly .
great place super friendly .
 give them _num_ because the food delicious !
you gave try their wings good .
there pizza & wings are amaze !
lol the pizza good here .
you get the ranch because freaking amazing there .
love trying local places stopped .
will come back next time come into town .
 been coming for many many years and they have the best wings .
the pizza was great and the wings were the best ever had .
good beer good food love this location .
dine take out good food .
macayo has great food but poor happy hour .
 boyfriend got the enchilada sampler which was amazing !
 love eating this location .
definately place you can bring the family just for happy hour !
 visited macayo with friend last night before concert .
and had great service .
service , adequate ; food , tasty .
will always return stated has become tradition for !
the mango margarita the best !
ask for april - best server ever !
 definitely coming back !
the server was super nice , great service !
for actual cheaper price and better quality macayos delivered !
our server was great !
service was good , food was pretty good , price was reasonable .
great place !
great food !
good service !
happy workers !
green corn tamale good !
good drinks !
awesome happy hour too !
score !
the chips and salsa are always hot and fresh .
the service was great and the food has never disappointed .
first off the happy hour deals are pretty good .
 will definitely visit this location again .
the service can hit miss but the food delicious !
the quality food this location much more consistent than other locations .
the food and service were outstanding !
 was great .
 just had the best lunch always the food consistently great !
also loved the manager checked too !
 server that really makes difference !
great food , outstanding service !
 found the food here very tasty and reasonably priced .
guacamole exceptional and the chimichanga chicken delicious .
the waitress was super nice and made sure had what needed .
awesome office love have him for our boys .
great doctor listens and patient .
open saturdays always plus !
 recommend this office all friends .
 the best .
best pediatrician town !
 amazing .
great bedside manner .
moved goodyear from phoenix .
 will definitely back .
the staff was friendly and really knew how engage the children conversation .
this means great deal .
this restaurant the best kept secret all phoenix .
but , the food exceptional .
everything the menu something you can recommend your friends .
 that good !
great lunch specials under $ _num_ for quality food .
best chinese foods town !
 had the sweet and sour chicken and was soooooo good .
definitely coming back .
delicious food , generous portions and good price .
thank you fellow yelper for this recommendation !
probably the best chinese food the west valley !
egg drop soup & spring rolls are excellent .
 always have fresh warm sweet & sour with spring rolls .
 also love have nice cup hot tea too .
the service fast and friendly .
everything fresh too .
love their seafood soup .
they make the best `` house fried rice '' that know .
great food and great service !
everyone friendly .
their food was delicious .
 husband and loved the egg drop soup .
the waitress was very friendly and attentive .
 are definitely going back !
the war wonton soup the best the valley !
great for quick bite , when craving for some chinese food .
place amazing !
amazing service and food !
 will definitely back !
 love this place !
the price point good and great portions for the price .
good food and fast service ... !
the servers are very friendly and will always try make you laugh .
 love bringing friends here .
the food always hot and fresh .
 love that their veggies any their plates are always crunchy .
the house fried rice and egg rolls are the best phoenix .
been coming here for years definitely comida china .
great little chinese food place our neighborhood with decent prices .
the noodles are amazing had for the first time with girlfriend .
loved .
this establishment has always stayed consistent with their food far taste .
 tried all their main entres & they are all delightful .
 the end you surprised & satisfied with the pricing .
highly recommend this restaurant .
 nice little place come for lunch .
cool small spot .
this food par with both pei wei and .
 super easy order , fast and convenient .
this favorite chinese place far .
best time come lunch when they have all their specials .
very good food .
perhaps not the best place eat doors but good take out food .
well does .
price right .
this was great food !
best food the fried rice .
its not some fancy restaurant , but its the best .
this good food and would recommend anyone !
both are good and usually can feed people portioned properly .
okay !
but just take home and use own !
best pork fried rice ever .
have been coming here for years definitely love this place .
this favorite chinese food place .
simple great flavor sand best bang for your buck .
 love this place !
otherwise , this place joy and the food good !
this place amazing .
seriously good place .
really liked this place !
they have new pedicure chairs and the staff always nice .
place very clean and prices are very inexpensive !
the chairs are comfortable and the prices are affordable .
good food although waitresses take bit long check you .
fairly friendly staff .
good pizza & friendly staff .
the delivery was fast and the pizza was perfect !
always delivery .
and tried few different recipes , all them amazing .
their delivery service always time , pleasant , and focused .
love the food here .
very generous portion and great taste .
highly recommended .
prices are very reasonable .
the food very fresh .
the people are really nice too .
well worth the trip .
awesome place !
 keep coming here for the best chinese food with good portions .
excellent customer service !
food made order , fresh ingredients , friendly staff and fair prices !
great food great prizes .
amazing food !
great people !
 the best had and relatively cheap !
good portions super cheap and food pretty good !
 love the food all .
specially the house fried rice !
 definitely fan !
service was great .
food was delicious .
everything was great and went well .
the service was fantastic .
alberto the manager and his team are phenomenal !
they are honest , professional , and quick .
 trust your car anywhere else these guys are incredible !
the staff went above and beyond and were actually pleasant .
all all great stay !
nice service and staff , beer selection great .
the best mexican restaurant .
great bang for your buck .
the price right too .
 recommend this place for sure .
the salsa spicy , the beans and rice delicious .
highly recommend the machaca burrito .
this place has the best ceviche ever had life !
 fresh and delicious .
great prices , good service , and food .
 traveling from california for work , and these servers have been pleasant .
good salsa , and rice .
food and service were really good .
 been coming here for years , good service , good food .
this place good .
worth checking out you are that side town .
walked across the street and sure glad did .
the waitress kept checking ensuring everything was good .
 had great service here today .
they are always perfect !
 love cherry and vanilla flavors and always add one drink .
overall value really good , and satisfied for lunch .
sonic has great food and tons drink and dessert options .
 was great .
 far the best and only choice for healthy fast food the area .
the food always fresh and tasty .
the place not fancy but they great job .
 takes lot skill help people smoothly during difficult time .
food was good , but service was great .
 food hot and everything tastes great !
 went there today and had really great service !
the food came quick and was really good .
 love going places where the service great !
service from _num_ noon great.
food great.
very nice server .
excellent , excellent service .
alex our waiter , did exceptional job .
keep the good work .
 husband just finished excellent lunch red lobster .
all was well prepared and served .
our server , andrea , quickly greeted and was very very pleasant .
she was amazing !
 both had the shrimp trio and got cheesecake .
thank you .
place gets extremely loud , but what you expect texas roadhouse .
one the best steaks ever had .
flavorful , juicy , superior steak .
 got some appetizers which were very good well .
cool atmosphere .
good service .
will definitely have back just for the steak .
amazing ribs and the fried pickles are delicious !
 love texas roadhouse !
highly recommended .
service always spot too .
they all have good quality food that makes for good dinner .
the food great .
damn you dinner rolls !
yummy , yummy rolls !
uber friendly staff , great value for steaks and quick service .
but the food was very nice .
soooo good .
good quality for the price .
 soon you walk , you feel welcomed and right home .
all all the service and food was great !
 will definitely recommend others , and back myself !
its that good !
wow all can use describe the evening here .
 filet , perfect !
 always happy eat here !
otherwise very please with the food service .
took the whole family and had great time and great food well .
steak and ribs outstanding .
 made the right choice !
very friendly service and atmosphere !
and the service also great every time come here .
 love this place .
its great service and great steaks .
 love the bar .
regardless which location get the same excellent service !
food and service were both great .
the steak was seriously one the best steaks ive had .
 melted mouth .
 was fun !
the warm rolls with the cinnamon butter was also treat !
love the peanuts .
very good food !
the service was good and left filling plump !
good service with big portion great tasting food .
price very reasonable , you get lot food .
their sweet tea was good .
what awesome experience !
the food soo delicious !
 would totally recommend this location and will returning !
great ambiance !
she recommended the steak with the cheese and pepper , great choice !
the bread with the cinnamon butter was interesting .
she was amazing !
she was super friendly and was top everything .
the food was delicious too !
great food , great people and awesome service .
service here excellent and very friendly staff .
 top that the steak here excellent !
seriously love this place !
 love how close this texas roadhouse house !
 does help out with you have children .
the food awesome !
always having fresh bread available right away .
eat here occasionally , good food choices for everyone .
their hot bread the best !
the prices are reasonable and even better when you get their earlier .
and their steaks are tasty .
fantastic !
great service and great food !
very reasonable prices , especially for what you get !
the customer service and the food has always stayed consistent .
very good , highly recommend friends and family .
dinner was great usual .
steaks cooked perfection and friendly awsome service .
our server cody was awsome and very friendly .
our food was fantastic !
this one particular always nice into .
everyone has always been welcoming and the services always quick and helpful .
 will back thanks guys !
 ordered ribeye and shrimp and both were wonderful .
great prices .
good service .
the food good , way better than panda express !
thanks for you great service tony !
great prices .
beyond great food .
friendly staff .
love this place .
beside that great food .
recently moved the area .
overall awesome service !
everything was excellent ; however , the egg rolls were primarily cabbage .
that being said , the eggrolls were crunchy and the cabbage tasted good .
will ordering again the future !
very good ... .
good portion food and food hot .
there another good thing about the restaurant ... the service .
they are friendly and always welcoming .
biggest egg rolls ever seen and they are extremely delish !
highly recommended .
 was very good ... .
 love this place !
delivery man was very friendly .
 got the mongolian beef and really was the best had .
egg roll was crispy and delicious .
 will order from here again the price was right .
 devoured the food .
great place eat pinch .
delivery was fast and food was great .
egg rolls were amazing .
still great and will eat here again .
this seriously the best subway have ever been .
 always clean , the food looks fresh and tastes great every time .
the sandwich artist were very nice .
consistent & efficient .
love her , `` honey '' !
this place like cheers !
always clean and well stocked !
 love this dentist !
love them !
 was very nice and apologized for experience .
 will getting full refund !
thank you smile fitness , and you. gordon for your response .
and one the girls that works there extremely nice !
very impressive customer service .
thanks eddie and party city .
they were both very good .
juan excellent server professional , quick and personable .
just good any other olive garden .
the gal there was very friendly had lovely moscato sangria .
 much food had take home .
well worth trip for taste italy .
best service have ever gotten this olive garden .
definitely coming back service stays this level .
but for experience , this place has been really good .
 and wife come here all the time special occasions .
every time come and enjoy the services here the experience pleasant .
and like said always enjoy coming here .
drinks were filled promptly without being asked , and our server was very friendly .
 you like olive garden this location recommended .
 enjoyed very much !
our waitress was amazing .
food was quick and delicious .
always very friendly and clean & very professional .
they always know what the right wines recommend for .
 kids love coming here .
this particular location has excellent customer service .
 definitely recommend this location .
 friendly helpful !
nothing extraordinary .
but she made that much better !
 shows she enjoys her job !
there walmart across the street !
 must same the service received today was excellent .
our server christina was very attentive and top things .
the food was good and full flavor .
the peach tea was amazing always .
definitely recommend friends and family .
the maintenance guys are great well and promptly fix things .
great customer service and prices .
very happy with the service and product .
this place awesome .
 you talk jerry .
they came off very honest and genuine always customer !
highly recommend this shop .
good service and fast .
this shop great shop .
their customer service excellent !
carlos and anthony are really professional .
these boys always treat well and respectful .
thank you tony and the staff for the exceptional service got .
the gentleman who replaced our tires was efficiently fast and paid attention detail .
for being pinch they really were the best .
thank you again .
absolutely the best .
they have great service .
great payment options solution for every customer .
very friendly staff who goes above and beyond help .
best group guys amazing service for modest price .
 would keep going this place for that great service !
has very fresh feel .
drink sizes are nice and big .
phenomenal !
 love their green chili burger , fries with gravy and sweet tea .
the best customer service !
the food was very good .
they totally new this place .
kids were delighted .
thanks for the awesome service !
 love there food .
yes located the `` ghetto '' , but delicious .
give !
 clean inside & out regardless what time .
still favorite place get green chili burger !
they get your food right and good .
each time phoenix will visit .
great service , speedy , and the food very delicious .
 got the number # _num_ and was very delicious .
but seriously the employees here were excellent .
service was great , friendly , and they were very attentive .
the food was also good .
they food always freshly cooked and cooked well .
four stars for good service .
please make this store bigger .
the amount business alone should make worth your while .
although the burger looked smashed must say the flavor was amazing !
the fries were hot and fresh and service was great too .
friendly service , great food !
always have good experience when and buy !
spent _num_ months searching for the right place and found .
love the floor plans and all the space even for one bedroom !
these apartments are quiet and well kept .
love the design and how manicured the grounds are maintained .
the staff are very friendly and helpful .
extremely happy with this place !
barley anybody there .
any problem had has been fixed the next day which amazing !
had stop for breakfast and used the drive through .
service was prompt , courteous , and fast .
thanks !
appetizers , salads , buffalo wings and beers have also always been good .
sausage shaved top delicious plus they have great hot wings !
foods great .
omg hooked .
great place watch sports .
they are always friendly and call name .
 our family favorite pizza !
 have always had excellent service this location and another phoenix location .
great bunch people !
five stars for carrying new mexico hatch chile !
awesome cashiers .
 get the best service and friendly attitudes when visit the morning .
love the food kitchen !
the staff friendly and very helpful !
the grocery prices are excellent !
this store has great staff !
after reading the previous reviews was bit concerned .
 happy say that did not have the same experience .
good drive through with fast service .
this sonic good .
love this course and staff .
course has great layout .
always has far price .
best place for eyebrows !
 totally recommend her .
here awesome story .
 loved them .
super close home and did such great job .
would definitely recommend .
best deal the whole valley .
the guys are very professional and nice .
love this place !
good self service area and great automatic area .
first time here and the service was very good .
for $ _num_ car looked excellent .
great value .
great service very reasonable price .
definitely worth trip !
excellent service all around and for great price !
they are friendly and have wonderful attitudes .
best pizza the west side , maybe the valley .
their old style recipe and cooking process makes for wonderful pizza experience .
this place awesome !
 love the pizza and the wings !
the price good .
they have lunch special and larger specials that can feed family .
 highly recommend you try this place .
 love and know you will too .
best place for pizza the west side opinion .
excellent style pizza !
the wings are great too !
not the best area , but worth the trip !
our waitress kyle was very attentive , courteous and polite .
thank you for making lifetime customer !
bit pricey but well worth .
the pizza the best you can get outside new york .
again , the pizza outta this world .
best pizza had the valley .
ordered the brothers special sicilian .
staff was very friendly .
 definitely back !
 would recommend this place anybody who loves pizza .
their pizza excellent but the wings that keep coming back !
everyone super friendly and the food great !
highly recommend !
love their pizza and wing special .
done just right .
loved !
great cheese pizza !
service great !
great wings !
also have good specials and great customer service .
good deal and delicious pizza .
great pizza !
amazing sauce and really awesome pizza !
wow !
the crust awesome .
the gentleman behind the counter was very friendly and helpful .
good food speaks for itself and respect that !
this place for great hand tossed style pizza .
last week had the best calzone since moved here .
 love this place .
this place that frequent for pizza .
staff friendly and never had service problem .
 kids love their pizza .
the pizza and boneless wings are very good .
you can actually fold the slice down the center just like pizza !
the pizza sauce seasoned just right .
also , the dinner salad good but pricey .
the staff very friendly and attentive .
places like this show you the american dream alive .
their food consistently good and fairly price .
this favorite pizza and wing place ever .
definitely worth .
great pizza much like the east coast pizza shops .
wings were good too !
the food great and very reasonably priced .
the restaurant clean and workers are polite .
the best !
staff the best !
this places amazing calzones are tasteful !
this guy makes great pie .
staff always point .
 love the people they are always nice !
the food always great !
 you have been here definitely recommend !
great local business , the food always great .
they have great specials and prices are very reasonable .
delicious !
great job !
thanks .
the pizza very good , and the wings are favorite .
best wings have had long time .
pizza excellent well .
will continue order from them often .
the steak special and chicken parmesan are our favorites .
wings and beer compliment the experience .
love this place !
really good italian food !
brothers specializes new york style pizza .
the service brothers has always been prompt and friendly .
 nice clean restaurant .
always greeted they are happy are here .
the food for the most part quite good .
 love everything about .
great ... .
 liked the food and service .
 quiet and great take friends .
 liked and will again .
 their best dish !
they have great lunch specials worth every last penny .
dine experience always pleasant and service great .
great food and the service one the best .
the food fantastic and the prices are more than reasonable .
shes the best .
 really like that they will customize your food how spicy you want .
love this place .
 one place the valley where you can get decent chinese food !
great place !
great place take family business partners .
 love the colorful personality the staff .
the items marked hot are hot !
yeah !
every time have been wong have had great meal .
 once tried the spicy beef with mushrooms ... delicious .
delicious .
give try !
everyone know says great too that good .
the service quick and freshly cooked .
great alternative buffet chinese .
lunch specials come with more food than one should eat !
pleasant staff and decent atmosphere .
 will eat there again .
all very fresh and delicious !
great simple chinese food .
 good , safe bet for chinese food .
great food !
service great well !
 husband and love this place !
great service , great little whole the wall restaurant .
the soup was delicious and the beef was perfectly tender .
this place knows how cook and has great customer service .
its much better than the other chinese food places the west valley .
this excellent chinese food .
the customer service was also great .
excellent chinese food !
but love their food , especially their thai noodles .
and the service always friendly .
 love this place .
 makes right everytime ask for him !
fantastic customer service and smiles .
hot tea served free charge and delicious .
the prices are astounding .
its worth .
very clean .
they make the best orange chicken .
this awesome chinese place .
what treat the `` happy family '' entree !
always great food , service , and prices !
 long drive , but worth everytime .
very delicious !
 both love !
all these are tasty .
love , love , love ... .
this restaurant !
 receive great customer service .
she knows what like and always recommends !
the food was always excellent , the service was outstanding .
 still one the best chinese restaurants the valley .
the quality and quantity food exceptional .
they maintain consistency and you can always expect excellent meal .
best moo shu pork phoenix !
also the oyster beef very good .
this place perfect !
very kind and courteous staff and very clean .
 made everything great and suggested give them another shot .
happy family mother great dish .
 will definitely come back for that and the singapore noodles .
friendly staff and they are always top refills .
this the best chinese food have tasted long time .
 your looking for authentic chinese food , this the place !
the staff really nice and the food was excellent .
 was our first time here and are definitely coming back .
the service super friendly and perfectly attentive while not being overbearing .
very consistent over the years !
everything tasted great and were all very satisfied with the food and service .
will definitely coming here our next trip phoenix !
clean , large menu , simple decor , great service & price .
will back when town .
good food decent price .
the staff always friendly .
absolutely amazing .
 will definitely going back .
first time customer with dad today .
service was excellent and timely , food was delicious fresh and hot .
the price point was great for someone like that eats out allot .
 live close and will definitely back for lunch .
the food excellent and plentiful .
the staff friendly and give wonderful service .
 have recommended this great find everyone .
excellent chinese food , great service and friendly staff .
dine classy and sophisticated .
highly recommended .
the food was excellent - wor wonton soup with noodles and singapore rice noodles .
the servers were very friendly and efficient .
 will definitely make this our chinese restaurant !
the best chinese food restaurant the valley .
the service excellent and food was superb .
 were delighted with our choice .
wonderful service from the most friendly staff ever seen .
they treat you like family .
 definitely back .
welcome arizona style .
found this place yelp while passing through .
service and food was amazing .
 happy customer for life !
food very good and the service fantastic !
very friendly people !
will definitely come back with the whole family .
great food , even better service !
 will return !
great service , nice size portions , and then food had lots flavor .
 happy found him .
this the best mexican food joint west phoenix .
they have great customer service , and are great call order .
great alternative the chain restaurants .
 always had good service here , and are here often .
great customer service !
the lady that works here such sweetheart !
good taste !
first time the place awesome place for breakfast .
 the tortilla ... the tortilla just perfect .
very clean .
staff very nice and helpful .
the food great .
 far the food have eaten here has been good !
service friendly !
 glad have place eat some good breakfast burritos !
 got breakfast burritos from here and they were sooooo good !
the green salsa amazing !
and the woman who took our order was nice and friendly !
fantastic service , very clean and fresh and delicious .
even with custom orders everything always perfect .
great family owned restaurant .
all them are great also the chorizo and carne .
friendly staff and big selection almost anything you want .
closest one our house .
the arizona humane society campus for compassion fantastic animal shelter .
 love the humane society .
they all the time they are pros .
wonderful people , cause and place !
just got dog from the campus for compassion , what incredible facility .
what great pet got .
 was worth the drive .
the work these people are absolutely incredible .
the staff were kind , helpful and encouraging .
 family will continue support the humane society for the years come .
this facility really amazing .
they keep excellent medical records each animal that comes through their system .
sure , puppies are cute for few months , but they need training .
actually , this location ( campus for compassion truly magnificent .
clean , friendly , and well organized !
everyone was friendly and felt well informed .
 was beautiful building .
 hard express exactly how much love the arizona humane society .
 recommend this organization everyone know .
 had one cat , and liked her lot .
they are very nice and easy deal with .
 very pleased .
the arizona humane society world class organization .
great job arizona humane society , you make arizona better place .
 beautiful location with real focus animals all kinds .
this place amazing !
adopted many animals over the years from this place .
they have great customer service and they take excellent care the animals .
excellent facilities .
this place amazing .
love this place !
they are great treated her kind and good .
the arizona humane society great place adopt .
the place very clean , the staff very helpful and patient .
great place with lots compassion for animals .
 clean bright happy !
everyone was helpful and kind .
they truly love animals .
 very clean and well organized .
you can tell they love the animals .
the animals seemed very happy and well taken care .
 love our new puppy !
this great place find new friend .
 have adopted one dog and one cat from here .
this great place .
incredible service !
thank you much !
their customer service via phone person excellent .
will continue shopping here !
will continue here for chickens needs .
these guys great job for $ _num_ .
great deal !
 love this place !
they are very friendly and meticulous .
the gel nail polish got was perfect !
 far the best ever had .
they were very careful and gentle .
the owner and nail tech who attended and did pedicure were lovely !
 well the other employees there .
this definitely place that listens the customers request .
 close house definitely become regular !
great great great .
there prices were fair and their customer service was incredible !
 felt comfortable with this shop and thats hard come .
 year later the transmission still doing great !
harold came recommendation from regular mechanic .
 not only has fair prices also stands behind his work .
that great service .
thank you bill !
 was extremely knowledgeable and patient with .
 year later fried again .
highly recommended anyone with german auto .
thank you dan and the rest the team affordable german auto repair !
they were quick , affordable , and honest !
thanks guys !
excellent , fast work great price !
the guys gave good diagnostic car !
 will definitely return with volkswagen for future service and repair .
thank you daniel for taking care vehicle .
2nd trip this shop and still amazing service !
daniel was very honest and upfront with all costs and expectations !
great shop !
affordable german auto great .
daniel and the staff are always friendly .
 recommend them anyone .
highly recommended !
friendly service , delicious entrees = heaven !
!
good wings and good burgers !
 family loves this place !
everytime our experience has been great !
 got the wings and they did disappoint .
 love the honey hot .
perfect prices and very good customer service .
the girls are very fast and accurate when putting orders .
however always check your order !
great prices !
fun older store shop , need baby chicks ?
great family run business .
the prices are very reasonable .
this guy was happy his job and well .
great service !
thanks , francisco .
great service !
thanks again !
francisco was great help .
was great help and excellent tow truck driver .
 car got its destination extremely fast and the service was wonderful .
francisco was very professional and really helpful .
 will always use this company the future .
thank you very much .
great guy and great service .
 had the best customer service from francisco tonight !
thanks much again !
incredible service francisco .
 treated like were his family .
 could and about the great experience had with francisco .
very very friendly , and great service .
 makes this stressful experience better !
francisco was wonderful .
 was very professional and thorough .
great reliable company .
awesome service !
guy was quick and cautious and really cool .
what awesome job !
well done francisco !
you have excellent employee !
got helped out francisco and was very friendly and efficient .
very fast and very reliable !
great customer service .
being female and knew the price was very accurate .
thanks central !
anyway , great job and call them again .
just wanted send big thank you francisco !
 was good less than hour .
thank you !
francisco was amazing !
also free tow the company .
thank god they use central towing their network .
 would definitely recommend central towing , and possible recommend francisco !
awesome service !
 recommend !
they were great .
really good food huge portions .
the food very good !
 was surprised that was open after midnight valentines day .
food great !
 had bite husbands chicken tacos and was delicious !
the taco was crispy and flavorful .
the guacamole was amazing !
the inside was clean and well lit .
definitely new favorite authentic taco shop !
looks pretty sketchy the outside but good fuck .
best taco ever had .
this place has authentic mexican food , the chicken tacos are great !
the hot sauce even better !
the staff super friendly , and eager serve !
that watery vinegar they give the drive through less than spectacular .
they have some good carne asada and amazing rolled tacos .
 also happy they are taking credit cards now now .
the serving that humongous can feed three people .
better !
delicious carne asada !
 personally love the tacos with red sauce !
the burritos are huge and can easily shared two people .
the drive thru service fast and friendly .
favorite mexican town , best value too .
best chili relleno burritos !
 kids love this place .
_num_ can all share one meal , lol sometimes .
 husband thought the carne asada was tender and flavorful .
for fast food mexican was pretty good .
foods quality good the atmosphere not that appreciated .
the costumer service was excellent and the food was pretty good and good price !
cashier was very friendly and always willing help .
and they are always tasty .
nice place stay , good price for .
this the perfect hotel !
some the language was suspect , but other than that was great !
great customer service .
tvs are now bigger and better big upgrade from when last stayed here .
perfect for spring training also had lots fun .
 complaints perfect for price !
this place gave the best head life .
thanks !
best place for shakes !
the employees are top notch the industry .
and was really tasty !
pretty darn good .
they have several really great salsas .
will eating here lot !
one ralph trucks now stops office location tempe .
they have quality freshly made food for low prices !
 impressed with how fast they can make the food .
they are definitely big hit our office !
good food .
loved the prices and being able walk out yard .
 love ralph snack bar !
the food always great and fair price .
love love love this truck !
the breakfast burritos are worth coming back for .
 had simple burrito but was delicious !
overall good .
 really like this snack truck .
 asked them make custom veggie burro and was wonderful .
they have _num_ kinds salsas and really enjoyed the green one best .
the food reliable , tasty , and appropriately priced .
that plus .
rooms were comfortable , showers were spacious and also clean .
the staff courteous and friendly and the morning coffee good .
thanks , motel _num_ for leaving the light .
best place town for great burger and fries !
the buns are really good , high quality .
the waitress ( mothers granddaughter sweet and gives solid service .
for the quality and size food , great priced !
 love this place !
everything awesome !
mothers has been great place forever .
the onion rings are great .
the food good with very generous portions everything ... ... ... .
food always made fresh and have never had wait too long .
good place come for lunch you work the area .
always wonderful have been completely satisfied every time !
room was very adequate , quiet , and clean .
wifi worked just fine .
breakfast was good enough .
 love waffle house !
the service pretty good , even busy times .
 love the warm syrup and everything cooked fresh .
this place definitely worth driving and will annual vacation favorite .
this the best drunk food drunk money can buy .
never has any issues with this place all , always friendly and correct .
and mighty fine waffle house food .
Neutral
positive : fast , friendly and fresh .
 love this location !
food always good .
service .
the all you can eat awesome .
good food and great service .
our waitress was southern and charming .
 cute .
 not southern this was very welcome surprise .
 great experience .
 was awesome !
fast and very yummy !
 when come arizona nice get quick fix .
 server was super nice and very helpful .
 love this place !
the staff was friendly and always came check everything was good .
professional , friendly , and reasonable prices .
thank you mcdonald for actually doing the jobs you were hired !
they did great job !
the whole company employees and all where very nice and effective .
this company amazing .
Neutral
the end result fantastic !
the crew and office staff were nice !
thank you for doing incredible job !
 have always received excellent service this denny .
food always prompt , hot and good .
they have amazing breakfast , very good coffee and variety meals .
 far good .
 great , energetic , and makes sure our food perfect .
 seen him interact with other tables and everyone seems very pleased .
she was attentive , prompt and friendly .
pastor joe has such huge heart for his church members and community .
this great and blessed church god !
this church amazing .
pastor joe and pastor fred deliver powerful messages .
messages that young couple with kids can relate .
 truly enjoy this church because makes feel part the community .
come over guarantee you will born again .
see you there , 9am and 11am .
 great .
 encourage you give try !
this far the best church been life .
they welcome you with open arms and are always there when your need .
 wonderful place start your family walking the lord .
 finally found church that fits daughter , and myself .
 truly blessed part this church .
 worth the drive .
thank you the staff , and thank you lord .
full house all services , pastor joe hit the nail the head .
really good word today .
 love grace walk !
worship awesome and followed great message .
perfect for needs .
miles were good and were good buys .
 very happy with the deals received .
for tiny diner , the food outstanding .
 bought some _num_ % and really good fresh local milk .
yeah !
 not fan milk , but love this milk .
amazing milk !
love the glass bottles and have made fresh butter from their heavy cream .
 excited able have our granddaughter experience real milk .
she loves the orange and strawberry and her mom loves the mocha .
well did like milk .
this amazing '' .
needless say tried every milk they had and enjoyed all them .
without doubt the best milk have ever had .
check out this dairy !
the flavor was wonderful coffee .
all are delicious !
 husband from wisconsin and gives this dairy _num_ thumbs !
well done !
they are professional and always available .
they graciously walked team through the installation process well after the sell .
bottom line , exceptional customer service !
the best towing experience ever had !
all city towing great company .
 son worked there and worked with the greatest people .
this beautiful course that tucked back the foothills ahwatukee .
 has beautiful scenery with spectacular views south mountain well ahwatukee .
club west one favorites the valley .
its great course , some beautiful views and amazing holes .
the new restaurant quite good .
the staff very friendly and quite helpful .
 have played this course several times and really enjoy .
_num_ $ bucks !
the rest was pretty good considering time year .
pretty open yet challenging .
really friendly staff too !
this was memorable and challenging course .
super cool .
overall great experience .
especially kayla grooming !
the store clean & organized very well .
the staff this location was amazing .
the retail store nice too with very helpful employees .
the grooming salon fantastic .
great store !
lowest prices and friendly staff .
you got love .
they have ton clothing and pretty decent furniture section .
this thrift shop has large selection good quality items for god prices .
goods move fast there always something new find .
 glad have such amazing thrift store neighborhood .
great store .
 impressed with this store !
love this place !
great pizza .
cool .
bonus !
employees were friendly and quick with the orders .
thanks guys !
 very happy !
 love this place !
thanks fellas for your above average work !
very knowledgeable and straight the point .
the staff friendly and the sound .
 absolutely love love love their popcorn !
 favorite theaters !
movie night !
been here many nights and great usual .
nice seating , good customer service .
will definitely back .
love this place !
this theater awesome .
comfortable seats .
friendly staff .
use that gift card for your movie tickets .
harkins definitely has the best theaters phoenix .
grab fresh burger off the club grill from sally !
 liked this course .
greens were good .
they put some hard work keeping quite nice .
 perfect place get the short game track .
 had friendly experience .
 rate this solid _num_ .
wow , what great track .
they always been courteous , straightforward and honest with .
 very very happy with coin gallery .
some nice coins priced market values .
worth look you are the area .
awesome service .
fair and knowledgable .
definitely will going back .
great customer service .
get you and out fast but take good care you .
this was first visit here and was impressed .
his front office staff are all friendly and accommodating .
thanks everyone arizona life chiropractic center !
 really listens .
 has been very educational and insightful .
friendly service .
 right next .
 got have hot sauce baby !
 for food always taste good !
and service friendly and quick !
this place when using their coupon amazing value .
 have been there twice and the food was plentiful and fresh .
great wall buffet excellent value !
this place when using their coupon amazing value .
 have been there twice and the food was plentiful and fresh .
great wall buffet excellent value !
they also lot fresh seafood live tanks .
 loved the meal and the turkish coffee .
round tables make seating large group bit strange but love the place .
excellent service and very rich - authentic food .
awesome food !
definitely check this place out you are the mood for something authentic .
great service .
great food .
what amazing restaurant !
authentic , ambient , clean , quick , friendly , and delicious !
 wonderful !
both were amazing .
 also had turkish coffee blew mind .
 was pleased the way was served .
great bosnian food , excellent friendly service .
 love this place .
amazing little family owned place !
wonderful comfort food .
just lovely .
welcome the family .
service - top notch .
 delicious .
their bread amazing , though .
service was great too !
the owners are very friendly and attentive .
 would highly recommend check this place out !
this has got the best place arizona .
wonderful bosnian food .
wonderful .
great food and great service !
 will back !
the inside the place was really nice !
still great food , but now the place looks awesome inside , too !
excellent food , excellent prices and large sized portions .
all was amazing .
all over , the ambiance was pleasant .
everyone loved !
everything ate was really good .
the bread fantastic .
from the outside looks suspect , but its nice inside .
the place nicely decorated , clean , and cozy .
love here !
really really good .
always good eat something that interesting and tasty !
the best part definitely the bread .
 brought friends try something different and left happy .
the food delicious , fresh , and obviously authentic .
the service very polite and attentive .
will make this place regular staple .
all three items were extremely delicious .
very tasty .
wow , what wonderful food !
and the home made rolls the sandwich served are lite and delicious .
the cabbage rolls were very tasty and flavorful .
 served tiny cup and tray that adorable !
the food cheap and delicious and the interior decor gorgeous .
 new favorite restaurant !
the turkish coffee very strong and great when paired with dessert .
awesome experience !
awesome authentic bosnian food totally unexpected location .
the food here amazing !
everything delicious from the soup the pitas !
 would recommend this anyone !
 great change for great price !
great authentic bosnian food !
 great place for brunch and quite inexpensive too !
small menu , but the food excellent .
wonderful !
 will definitely back .
great atmosphere .
the waitress was super nice .
the food absolutely yummy .
the desserts were delicious well .
 would definitely back and would recommend everyone try !
the price the sandwiches are very reasonable .
this food delicious .
the prices are pretty cheap and the food flavorful and traditional .
 tried the sausage and cabbage rolls and both were very good .
the place also nice and clean .
always good thing .
happy eats !
their service also very good .
just amazing .
 has such homey taste and fulfilling .
the cafe really cute inside .
please step inside .
hits the spot you are real carnivore .
 was good .
absolutely fantastic food .
 wife and love this place .
the lady that runs this place awesome - extremely friendly .
the food fantastic and very reasonably priced .
 liked lot .
but will definitely come back .
quality and quantity given here .
the food very good and the service very nice .
very clean place too !
very cool .
absolutely love this place .
everything have had their menu delicious .
the best has the bosnian sausages .
very good food .
the best stuffed cabbage rolls had .
will definitely back next time phoenix .
hands down one the best places around .
the bread was amazing and the turkish coffee was out this world .
the service excellent and the waitress was very attentive .
awesome food , great staff , great atmosphere .
 highly recommend this place and will absolutely back .
wow !
what hidden gem !
 had large party lunch and they were amazing !
the ambiance inside was not expected and just added the quality .
 will going back soon !
the staff were gracious and extremely helpful !
the menu short and everything will good .
very good food , and inexpensive too .
the decor authentic too .
wonderful meal !
this place was such amazing little find !
 worth !
awesome authentic food !
loved .
 here and leave happy .
highly recommended !
hands down one the best places around .
the bread was amazing and the turkish coffee was out this world .
the service excellent and the waitress was very attentive .
all dishes were excellent !
customer service was excellent .
very friendly environment !
 are both very adventurous with food and love trying new things .
this place was amazing .
everything ordered was perfect and everything their menu great deal .
quaint .
good service .
fun adventure .
 highly recomend !
okay , okay ... .
 shall return again and again !
such charming and quaint interior with very modest costs for food .
all can say wow .
the flavors are good !
the staff are very friendly and happy explain the different dishes .
 delicious !
this was absolutely hidden gem !
 loved the food and service !
great decor and kind service !
the food portions are huge for great price .
and the turkish coffee all about the good feels damn tasty .
what lovely experience .
 ordered the bosnian sausage and was good .
nice small atmosphere that brings out the bosnian culture .
excellent traditional eastern european food .
for moment thought eating mom food .
highly recommended .
such great place !
the food was amazing , everything homemade and fresh .
the service was great really enjoyed eating here .
overall very nice surprise .
the water tastes like from the river and the food excellent .
great food , friendly staff ... must try !
delicious !
 loved everything !
 favorite was the hot dog , and dont expect your traditional hot dog .
this the best food have had since arriving phoenix .
all was great .
nice homemade cultural experience dine .
friendly waitress .
everything was fantastic , especially the bread !
 both were impressed are planning frequent visitors here !
also , our experience with the waitstaff was wonderful well .
was great evening !
every server that served has been delight .
turkish coffee delicious and presented well .
good price .
authentic dishes .
friendly folks .
 good ... the food great quality and prices are reasonable .
 paired the meal with earl soup and iced tea !
high quality `` homemade '' food .
 excellent place with great atmosphere .
baklava the best you ever have , hands down .
_num_ % pure comfort food that reminds home .
great food and very friendly service .
this was first experience with bosnian food , and was amazing !
our waiter was helpful and friendly .
the soups and the bread were fantastic .
mmmmm authentic stuff .
sweet service .
this restaurant just amazing .
but this one really had good feeling .
the food was amazing .
authentic bosnian food according bosnian friends .
- food generally pretty good .
- decor nice .
- great prices .
great little storefront restaurant .
fast and pleasant service boot will back .
amazing food .
 great place get takeout .
this what seems family run and very authentic place .
the food was amazing and the culture was better .
 were pleased with the food , the flavor and authentic service .
thanks for the great experience .
thanks for sharing the graduation event and thanks for the hospitality .
 fianc and had amazing dining experience .
highly recommend anyone who not afraid try something new .
everything fresh and absolutely delicious .
great service and wonderful atmosphere .
the food amazing .
delicious subs will back again and again .
 will tell all friends this delish !
 love the meats and cheeses and the atmosphere .
love !
right the street from house beat !
they did , and the pastries were delicious .
yum yum yum !
ahh , this place refreshing .
this was pretty neat .
great food , italian grocery , deli , etc .
 was fantastic !
this was perfect .
you know loves !
heaven .
great deal only $ _num_ !
keep eye the prices .
 reminds home .
 love the joint .
this place pastrami amazing anything nyc .
the people who work here are extremely friendly .
the deli great , good fresh bread & meat .
the pastas , hot cold are great well .
the meatball sandwiches are big , and very good .
 like mine with extra sauce .
 you have been here are thinking checking.
when took first bite was brought back many memories .
definitely the place for great food from back east .
love !
this place fantastic .
true italian food one been there with has been disappointed .
the service always great and the people are quite nice .
family owned and operated well .
spicy !
all all very good lunch .
 have been going this family owned business for years and love !
the meat always very fresh .
they also have wise potato chips and italian ice .
brings back childhood growing new jersey !
 amazing and high sodium .
 for sure the next best thing making yourself .
 love the staff here well .
they are very friendly and will take care you .
great little place .
they have great sweet treats and their subs are awesome .
love !
definitely the best italian market phoenix !
amazing selection and very nice people .
what gem this place .
 got couple cannolis that were very good .
just try and fall love !
awesome sandwich , with great bread .
very professional and gracious staff , absolutely wonderful food .
delicious sandwiches !
amazing pastries !
both excellent with the homemade bread .
the bonus that they have wise potato chips and cannoli .
their cookies are tasty too .
nice selection imported foods too .
 much better than subway .
very great sandwiches esp .
 here , eat one , now .
_num_ stars rob and his family !
and the family and staff are the best .
great italian food - huge deli department .
well remember how tasted .
amazing you ask .
 here you want some italian goods and fresh tasting sandwhich .
 found here with the _num_ '' super sub !
everything was incredible , fresh and authentic .
they look great tho .
this place amazing !
excellent food and wonderful service .
huge assortment meats and cheeses .
the food very authentic and fresh .
the pastrami sandwich was great !
the meat was soft and tender with good flavor .
the place looks like good old family owned restaurant .
old school deli that has amazing food .
the tiramisu and cannoli are perfect .
great subs lots food .
great subs !
deli also has good variety meats .
 fell instantly love with the atmosphere and the service was really great .
great deli and grocery .
the sandwiches are great for eating .
really love this place .
 recently moved the area and was looking for good sub shop .
this place amazing !
true authentic italian deli .
this place will hit the spot !
